Bacteria are a major source of food for humans and animals, and they are responsible for a wide range of pathogens. Bacteria are able to abrasively eat a variety of carbohydrates, including sugars, fats, and proteins. However, the structure of these proteins is largely unknown. In this study, we used evolutionary co-variance analysis to build a computational model of the structure of a bacterial acetyltransferase, OafB. The model reveals a novel fold for the AT3 domain, which is stable in the membrane. The AT3 domain contains 10 transmembrane helices arranged to form a large cytoplasmic cavity lined by residues known to be essential for function. Further molecular dynamics simulations support a model where the acyl-coA donor spans the membrane through accessing a pore created by movement of an important loop capping the inner cavity, enabling OafB to present the acetyl group close to the likely catalytic resides on the extracytoplasmic surface. The model suggests that the AT3 domain is mobile and can both accept acyl-groups from the AT3 and then reach beyond the membrane to reach acceptor substrates. Together, this new general model of AT3 function provides a framework for the development of inhibitors that could abrogate critical functions of bacterial pathogens.
Honey bees are a group of insects that feed on nectar and pollen. They are a major source of food for honey bees, and they are a major source of food for humans. They are also a major source of pollen, and they are a major source of pollen for humans. They are also a major source of pollen for insects, and they are a major source of pollen for humans. The honey bees are a major source of pollen for humans, and they are a major source of pollen for honey bees. They are a major source of pollen for honey bees, and they are a major source of pollen for humans. The honey bees are a major source of pollen for honey bees, and they are a major source of pollen for humans. The honey bees are a major source of pollen for honey bees, and they are a major source of pollen for humans. The honey bees are a major source of pollen for honey bees, and they are a major source of pollen for humans. The honey bees are a major source of pollen for honey bees, and they are a major source of pollen for humans. The honey bees are a major source of pollen for honey bees, and they are a major source of pollen for humans. The honey bees are a major source of pollen for honey bees, and they are a major source of pollen for humans. The honey bees are a major source of pollen for honey bees, and they are a major source of poll
The ether lipid biosynthesis machinery is a key mechanism for promoting longevity. The ether lipid biosynthesis machinery is a key mechanism for promoting longevity. We have identified a role for genes required for ether lipid biosynthesis in the favorable effects of biguanides. We demonstrate that biguanides prompt lifespan extension by stimulating ether lipid biogenesis. Loss of the ether lipid biosynthesis machinery also mitigates lifespan extension attributable to dietary restriction, target of rapamycin ( TOR ) inhibition, and mitochondrial electron transport chain inhibition. A possible mechanistic explanation for this finding is that ether lipids are required for activation of metabolic stress defenses downstream of the conserved transcription factor skn-1/Nrf. In alignment with these findings, overexpression of a single, key, ether lipid biosynthetic enzyme, fard-1/FAR1, is sufficient to promote lifespan extension. These findings illuminate the ether lipid biosynthesis machinery as a novel therapeutic target to promote healthy aging.
The gut microbiome is a complex ecosystem that consists of a wide range of bacteria, including bacteria, viruses, and viruses. The gut microbiome is a complex ecosystem that is largely composed of a single bacterial family, and is largely a single bacterial family. The baboons are a group of baboons that live in the Amboseli baboon population. The baboons are a group of baboons that live in the Amboseli baboon population. The baboons are a group of baboons that live in the Amboseli baboon population. The baboons are a group of baboons that live in the Amboseli baboon population. The baboons are a group of baboons that live in the Amboseli baboon population. The baboons are a group of baboons that live in the Amboseli baboon population. The baboons are a group of baboons that live in the Amboseli baboon population. The baboons are a group of baboons that live in the Amboseli baboon population. The baboons are a group of baboons that live in the Amboseli baboon population. The baboons are a group of baboons that live in the Amboseli baboon population.
The brain is a complex network of neurons that consists of a series of neurons, called gamma oscillations. These oscillations are triggered by the movement of the brain’s olfactory bulb, which is a part of the brain’s sensory system. The olfactory bulb is a part of the brain’s sensory system that is able to detect smells and smells. The olfactory bulb is a part of the brain that is able to detect smells and smells. The olfactory bulb is a part of the brain that is able to detect smells and smells. The olfactory bulb is a part of the brain that is able to detect smells and smells. The olfactory bulb is a part of the brain that is able to detect smells and smells. The olfactory bulb is a part of the brain that is able to detect smells and smells. The olfactory bulb is a part of the brain that is able to detect smells and smells. The olfactory bulb is a part of the brain that is able to detect smells and smells. The olfactory bulb is a part of the brain that is able to detect smells and smells. The olfactory bulb is a part of the brain that is able to detect smells and smells. The olfactory bulb is a part of the brain that is able to detect smells and smells. The olfactory bulb is a part of the brain that is able to detect smells and smells. The ol
DNA replication is essential for eukaryotic genome function, but the mechanisms establishing which domains replicate early versus late in different cell types remain incompletely understood. Intercalary heterochromatin domains replicate very late in both diploid chromosomes of dividing cells and in endoreplicating polytene chromosomes where they are also underreplicated. Drosophila SNF2-related factor SUUR imparts locus-specific underreplication of polytene chromosomes where they are also underreplicated. SUUR negatively regulates the activities of gypsy insulator that prevent certain enhancer–promoter interactions and establish euchromatin–heterochromatin barriers in the genome. SUUR or mod ( mdg4 ) mutations reverse underreplication of intercalary heterochromatin by attenuating the progression of replication forks through euchromatin/heterochromatin boundaries. Our findings implicate a SNF2 family ATP-dependent motor protein SUUR in the insulator function, reveal that DNA replication can be delayed by a chromatin barrier, and uncover a critical role for architectural proteins in replication control.
The concept of accelerated biological age in children is often viewed as representing general health and resilience. The conceptual interpretation of accelerated biological age in children and its relationship to development remains unclear. We aimed to clarify the relationship of accelerated biological age, assessed through two established biological age indicators, telomere length and DNA methylation age, and two novel candidate biological age indicators, to child developmental outcomes, including growth and adiposity, cognition, behavior, lung function and the onset of puberty, among European school-age children participating in the HELIX exposome cohort. The study population included up to 1173 children, aged between 5 and 12 years, from study centres in the UK, France, Spain, Norway, Lithuania, and Greece. Telomere length was measured through qPCR, blood DNA methylation, and gene expression was measured using microarray, and proteins and metabolites were measured by a range of targeted assays. DNA methylation age was assessed using Horvath’s skin and blood clock, while novel blood transcriptome and ‘immunometabolic’ clocks were derived and tested in a subset of children assessed six months after the main follow-up visit. Among associations with health risk factors, higher birthweight was associated with greater immunometabolic  age, smoke exposure with greater DNA methylation  age, and high family affluence with longer telomere length. Among associations with child developmental measures, all biological age markers were predicted minus chronological age.
The genetic architecture of asthma is a complex and complex complex, and it is important to understand how it is inherited. The genome-wide association studies ( GWASs ) are a broad definition of ‘doctor-diagnosed asthma’, thereby diluting genetic signals by not considering asthma heterogeneity. Here, we describe a novel genetic association study of wheezing phenotypes. We identified a novel locus on chr9q21. 13 ( close to annexin 1 [ANXA1], p6. 7  10-9 ) associated exclusively with early-onset persistent wheeze. We identified a novel locus on chr9q21. 13 ( close to annexin 1 [ANXA1], p6. 7  10-9 ), associated exclusively with early-onset persistent wheeze. We identified a novel locus on chr9q21. 13 ( close to annexin 1 [ANXA1], p6. 7  10-9 ) associated exclusively with early-onset persistent wheeze. We identified a novel locus on chr9q21. 13 ( close to annexin 1 [ANXA1], p6. 7  10-9 ) associated exclusively with early-onset persistent wheeze. We identified a novel locus on chr9q21. 13 ( close to annexin 1 [ANXA1], p6. 7  10-9 ) associated exclusively with early-onset persistent wheeze. We identified a novel locus on 
The intercropping of crops is a key way to improve agricultural sustainability. However, the intercropping of crops is often implemented using commercial seeds that were bred for maximum productivity in monocultures, thereby ignoring the ability of plants to adapt over generations to the surrounding neighbourhood, notably through increased complementarity, that is reduced competition or increased facilitation. This is why using commercial seeds for intercropping might limit the benefits of crop diversity on yield. Here we show that plant–plant interactions among annual crops shifted towards reduced competition and/or increased facilitation when the plants were growing in the same community type as their parents did in the previous two generations. Total yield did not respond to this common coexistence history, but in fertilized conditions, we observed increased overyielding in mixtures with a common coexistence history. Surprisingly, we observed character convergence between species sharing the same coexistence history for two generations, in monocultures but also in mixtures. This study provides the first empirical evidence for the potential of parental diversity affecting plant–plant interactions, species complementarity and therefore potentially ecosystem functioning of the following generations in annual cropping systems. Although further studies are required to assess the context–dependence of these results, our findings may still have important implications for diversified agriculture as they illustrate the potential of targeted cultivars to increase complementarity of species in intercropping, which could be achieved through specific breeding for mixtures.
The human and the monkey are both able to coordinate their actions, but they are also able to make decisions based on their own actions. In this study, we used a collaborative platform to study the dynamics of coordination in a collaborative environment. We compared human and monkey pairs in a transparent version of the coordination game ‘Bach-or-Stravinsky’, which entails a conflict about which of two individually-preferred opposing options to choose to achieve coordination. Most human pairs developed coordinated behavior and adopted dynamic turn-taking to equalize the payoffs. All macaque pairs converged on simpler, static coordination. Remarkably, two animals learned to coordinate dynamically after training with a human confederate. This pair selected the faster agent’s preferred option, exhibiting turn-taking behavior that was captured by modeling the visibility of the partner’s action before one’s own movement. This competitive turn-taking was unlike the prosocial turn-taking in humans, who equally often initiated switches to and from their preferred option. Overall, our results illustrate how action visibility promotes the emergence and maintenance of coordination when agents can observe and time their mutual actions.
The human ovarian follicles are a key component of female reproductive health. The ovarian follicles are a key component of the follicles of the fetus. The follicles of the fetus are shaped like a synapse, and are shaped like a synapse. The follicles of the fetus are shaped like a synapse, and are shaped like a synapse. The follicles of the fetus are shaped like a synapse, and are shaped like a synapse. The follicles of the fetus are shaped like a synapse, and are shaped like a synapse. The follicles of the fetus are shaped like a synapse, and are shaped like a synapse. The follicles of the fetus are shaped like a synapse, and are shaped like a synapse. The follicles of the fetus are shaped like a synapse, and are shaped like a synapse. The follicles of the fetus are shaped like a synapse, and are shaped like a synapse. The follicles of the fetus are shaped like a synapse, and are
The genetic basis of skin color variation among populations has been largely unknown. We have identified a population of individuals with genetically African admixture but low frequency of European light skin alleles. We found that Native American genetic ancestry reduced skin pigmentation by more than 20 melanin units ( range 24–29 ). The responsible hypopigmenting genetic variants remain to be identified, since none of the published polymorphisms predicted in prior literature to affect skin color in Native Americans caused detectable hypopigmentation in the Kalinago Territory.
Diabetes is a major health problem in the world. The body is unable to regulate the levels of reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) that are produced by the body. The redox balance of these two different approaches remains largely unclear. Here, we compare exercise and antioxidant intervention on type 2 diabetic rats. We found that exercise upregulated compensatory antioxidant capability and reached a higher level of redox balance in the liver. In contrast, antioxidant intervention achieved a low-level redox balance by inhibiting oxidative stress. Both of these two interventions could promote glucose catabolism and inhibit gluconeogenesis through activation of hepatic AMP-activated protein kinase ( AMPK ) signaling. Overall, our results illustrate that both exercise and antioxidant intervention improve blood glucose control in diabetes by promoting redox balance, despite different levels of redox state ( s ). These results indicate that the AMPK signaling activation, combined with oxidative damage markers, could act as sentinel biomarkers, reflecting the threshold of redox balance that is linked to effective glucose control in diabetes.
The escape trajectory of prey is measured as the angle relative to the predator’s approach path. The angle of the prey’s approach path is measured as the angle relative to the predator’s approach path. The angle of the prey’s approach path is measured as the angle relative to the predator’s approach path. The angle of the prey’s approach path is measured as the angle relative to the predator’s approach path. The angle of the prey’s approach path is measured as the angle relative to the predator’s approach path. The angle of the prey’s approach path is measured as the angle relative to the predator’s approach path. The angle of the prey’s approach path is measured as the angle relative to the predator’s approach path. The angle of the prey’s approach path is measured as the angle relative to the predator’s approach path. The angle of the prey’s approach path is measured as the angle relative to the predator’s approach path. The angle of the prey’s approach path is measured as the angle relative to the predator’s approach path. The angle of the prey’s approach path is measured as the angle relative to the predator’s approach path. The angle of the prey’s approach path is measured as the angle relative to the predator’s approach path. The angle of the prey’s approach path is measured as the angle relative to the predator’s approach path. The angle of the prey’s approach path is measured as the angle relative to the predator’s approach path. The angle of the prey’s approach path is measured as the angle relative to the predator’s approach path. The angle of the prey’s approach path is measured as the angle relative to the predator’s approach path. The angle of
The genome of human pluripotent stem cells ( hPSCs ) is a complex complex of genes that can be edited to create a variety of diseases. The genome is edited using a complex of genes that are able to be reprogrammed to create new mutations. The genome is then reprogrammed to create new mutations, which are then reprogrammed to create new mutations. The genome is then edited to create new mutations, which are then reprogrammed to create new mutations. The genome is then edited to create new mutations, which are then reprogrammed to create new mutations. The genome is then edited to create new mutations, which are then reprogrammed to create new mutations. The genome is then edited to create new mutations, which are then reprogrammed to create new mutations. The genome is then edited to create new mutations, which are then reprogrammed to create new mutations. The genome is then edited to create new mutations, which are then reprogrammed to create new mutations. The genome is then edited to create new mutations, which are then reprogrammed to create new mutations. The genome is then edited to create new mutations, which are then reprogrammed to create new mutations. The genome is then edited to create new mutations, which are then reprogrammed to create new mutations. The genome is then edited to create new mutations, which are then reprogrammed to create new mutations. The genome is then edited to create new mutations, which are then reprogrammed to create new mutations. The genome is then edited
Multiple myeloma ( MM ) is a common cause of haematologic malignancies. The MM is a major cause of haematologic malignancies, and is a major cause of 10% of all haematologic malignancies. However, little is known about high intratumour heterogeneities in patients stratified by the Revised International Staging System ( R-ISS ). Here, we constructed a single-cell transcriptome atlas to compare differential expression patterns among stages. We found that a novel cytotoxic plasma cell population exhibited with NKG7 positive was obviously enriched in stage II patients. Additionally, a malignant PC population with significantly elevated expression of MKI67 and PCNA was associated with unfavourable prognosis and Epstein-Barr virus ( EBV ) infection in our collected samples. Moreover, ribonucleotide reductase regulatory subunit M2 ( RRM2 ) was found and verified to promote proliferation of MM cell lines, suggesting RRM2 may serve as a detrimental marker in MM. Collectively, this study provided an R-ISS-related single-cell MM atlas and revealed the clinical significance of novel PC clusters, as well as potential immunotargets in MM progression.
The CRISPR Cas system is a complex system of RNA cleavage and interference that is a key component of the RNA-RNA interferon. The CRISPR Cas system is a type III-E CRISPR Cas effector that confers programmable RNA cleavage and has potential applications in RNA interference. Cas7-11 encodes a single polypeptide containing four Cas7- and one Cas11-like segments that obscures the distinction between the multi-subunit Class 1 and the single-subunit Class-2 CRISPR Cas systems. We report a cryo-EM ( cryo-electron microscopy ) structure of the active Cas7-11 from Desulfonema ishimotonii ( DiCas7-11 ) that reveals the molecular basis for RNA processing and interference activities. DiCas7-11 arranges its Cas7- and Cas11-like domains in an extended form that resembles the backbone made up by four Cas7 and one Cas11 subunits in the multi-subunit enzymes. Unlike the multi-subunit enzymes, however, the backbone of DiCas7-11 contains evolutionarily different Cas7 and Cas11 domains, giving rise to their unique functionality. The first Cas7-like domain nearly engulfs the last 15 direct repeat nucleotides in processing and recognition of the CRISPR RNA, and its free-standing fragment retains most of the activity. Both the second and the third Cas7-like domains mediate target RNA cleavage in a metal-dependent manner. The structure and mutational data
Tree species are a major source of biodiversity, and they are often regarded as the most important trophic factors in the ecosystem. However, the complexity of interactions between species and genetic diversity is still unclear. Here, we use a tree species  genetic diversity experiment to disentangle the effects of species diversity and genetic diversity on tree productivity, and how they are related to tree functional diversity and trophic feedbacks. We found that tree species diversity increased tree productivity via increased tree functional diversity, reduced soil fungal diversity, and marginally reduced herbivory. The effects of tree genetic diversity on productivity via functional diversity and soil fungal diversity were negative in monocultures but positive in the mixture of the four tree species tested. Given the complexity of interactions between species and genetic diversity, tree functional diversity and trophic feedbacks on productivity, we suggest that both tree species and genetic diversity should be considered in afforestation.
The single-molecule imaging of living cells is a powerful way to study biochemical processes in live cells, but it remains challenging to track single molecules while simultaneously detecting their interactions. Here, we describe a novel property of rhodamine dyes, proximity-assisted photoactivation ( PAPA ), in which one fluorophore ( the ‘sender’ ) can reactivate a second fluorophore ( the ‘receiver’ ) from a dark state. PAPA requires proximity between the two fluorophores, yet it operates at a longer average intermolecular distance than Förster resonance energy transfer ( FRET ). We show that PAPA can be used in live cells both to detect protein–protein interactions and to highlight a subpopulation of labeled protein complexes in which two different labels are in proximity. In proof-of-concept experiments, PAPA detected the expected correlation between androgen receptor self-association and chromatin binding at the single-cell level. These results establish a new way in which a photophysical property of fluorophores can be harnessed to study molecular interactions in single-molecule imaging of live cells.
The effect of calcium supplementation on bone mineral accretion in young populations ( 35 years ) is inconclusive. We summarize the evidence for the effect of calcium supplementation on bone mineral accretion in young populations ( 35 years ). This systematic review and meta-analysis identified 43 studies involving 7, 382 subjects. Moderate certainty of evidence showed that calcium supplementation was associated with the accretion of BMD and BMC, especially on femoral neck ( standardized mean difference [SMD] 0. 627, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0. 338–0. 915; SMD 0. 364, 95% CI 0. 134–0. 595; respectively ) and total body ( SMD 0. 330, 95% CI 0. 163–0. 496; SMD 0. 149, 95% CI 0. 006–0. 291 ), also with a slight improvement effect on lumbar spine BMC ( SMD 0. 163, 95% CI 0. 008–0. 317 ), also with a slight improvement effect on total hip BMD and BMC and lumbar spine BMC. Very interestingly, subgroup analyses suggested that the improvement of bone at femoral neck was more pronounced in the peripeak bone mass ( PBM ) population ( 20–35 years ) than the pre-PBM population ( 20 years ). Our findings provided novel insights and evidence in calcium supplementation.
Influenza A virus ( IAV ) is a viral infection that causes a number of diseases. The virus is a bacterial infection that causes a number of infections. The virus is a bacterial infection that causes a number of infections. The virus is a liquid cytosolic condensate that contains the same molecules but its behaviour is different on account of distinct physicochemical properties. The cytosolic condensate is a liquid cytosolic condensate that contains the same molecules but its behaviour is different on account of distinct physicochemical properties. However, it is not clear if some factors are more efficient than others at regulating their behaviour. Viral infections are good systems to address this question as they form condensates de novo as part of their replication programmes. Here, we used influenza A virus ( IAV ) liquid cytosolic condensates, AKA viral inclusions, to provide a proof of concept that liquid condensate hardening via changes in the valency of its components is more efficient than altering their concentration or temperature of the cell. Liquid IAV inclusions may be hardened by targeting vRNP ( viral ribonucleoprotein ) interactions via the known NP ( nucleoprotein ) oligomerising molecule nucleozin, both in vitro and in vivo without affecting host proteome abundance nor solubility. This study is a starting point for understanding how to pharmacologically modulate the material properties of IAV inclusions and may offer opportunities for alternative antiviral strategies.
The kinesin-4 family is a family of proteins that are able to control the length of axons. The kinesin-4 family is a unique motor that inhibits the length of axons. Among them, the kinesin-4 family is a unique motor that inhibits the length of axons. Although mutations of kinesin-4 cause several diseases, its molecular mechanism is unclear because of the difficulty of visualizing the high-resolution structure of kinesin-4 working at the microtubule plus-end. Here, we report that KLP-12, a C. elegans kinesin-4 ortholog of KIF21A and KIF21B, is essential for proper length control of C. elegans axons, and its motor domain represses microtubule polymerization in vitro. The crystal structure of the KLP-12 motor domain complexed with tubulin, which represents the high-resolution structural snapshot of the inhibition state of microtubule-end dynamics, revealed the bending effect of KLP-12 for tubulin. Comparison with the KIF5B-tubulin and KIF2C-tubulin complexes, which represent the elongation and shrinking forms of microtubule ends, showed the curvature of tubulin introduced by KLP-12 is in between them. Taken together, KLP-12 controls the proper length of axons by modulating the curvature of the microtubule ends to inhibit the microtubule dynamics.
The embryonic stem cell ( GSC ) is a type of cell that is able to grow and develop into a variety of cells. It is a type of cell that is able to survive and grow, and is capable of surviving in a variety of environments. GSCs are a type of cell that can be used to develop new cells. They are able to survive in a variety of environments, including plants, animals, and humans. However, they are not able to survive in a variety of environments. The embryonic stem cell ( GSC ) is a type of cell that can survive in a variety of environments. It is a type of cell that can survive in a variety of environments, including plants, animals, and humans. GSCs are able to survive in a variety of environments, including plants, animals, and humans. However, they are not able to survive in a variety of environments. The GSCs are able to survive in a variety of environments, including plants, animals, and humans. The GSCs are able to survive in a variety of environments, including plants, animals, and humans. However, they are able to survive in a variety of environments, including plants, animals, and humans. The GSCs are able to survive in a variety of environments, including plants, animals, and humans. The GSCs are able to survive in a variety of environments, including plants, animals, and humans. However, they are unable to survive in a variety of environments, including plants, animals, and humans. The GSCs are
The circadian clock is a clock that regulates the timing of the development of florets, or anthesis, in sunflowers. In sunflowers, the anthesis occurs in discrete ring-like pseudowhorls with up to hundreds of florets undergoing simultaneous maturation. The timing of anthesis is determined by the time of day, and the timing of the anthesis is determined by the time of day. In sunflowers, the anthesis occurs in discrete pseudowhorls with up to hundreds of florets undergoing simultaneous maturation. We show that the circadian clock acts in concert with environmental response pathways to tightly synchronize the anthesis of hundreds of florets each day, generating spatial patterns on the developing capitulum disk. This coordinated mass release of floral rewards at predictable times of day likely promotes pollinator visits and plant reproductive success.
The rate with which hydrogen peroxide damages biomolecules required for life increases with temperature, yet little is known about how organisms cope with this temperature-dependent threat. Here, we show that Caenorhabditis elegans nematodes use temperature information perceived by sensory neurons to cope with the temperature-dependent threat of hydrogen peroxide produced by the pathogenic bacterium Enterococcus faecium. These nematodes preemptively induce the expression of specific hydrogen peroxide defenses in response to perception of high temperature by a pair of sensory neurons. These neurons communicate temperature information to target tissues expressing those defenses via an insulin/IGF1 hormone. This is the first example of a multicellular organism inducing their defenses to a chemical when they sense an inherent enhancer of the reactivity of that chemical.
Class switch recombination is a complex process that involves the formation of two distinct antibody isotypes. The class switch recombination process is a complex process that requires the recruitment of the cytidine deaminase AID, an essential step for the formation of double-strand breaks. However, the impact of R loops on double-strand break formation and repair during class switch recombination remains unclear. Here, we show that cells lacking two enzymes involved in R loop removal—senataxin and RNase H2—exhibit increased R loop formation and genome instability at the immunoglobulin heavy-chain locus without impacting its transcriptional activity, AID recruitment, or class switch recombination efficiency. Senataxin and RNase H2 deficient cells also exhibit increased insertion mutations at switch junctions, a hallmark of alternative end joining. Importantly, these phenotypes were not observed in cells lacking senataxin or RNase H2 alone. We propose that senataxin acts redundantly with RNase H2 to mediate timely R loop removal, promoting efficient repair while suppressing AID-dependent genome instability and insertional mutagenesis.
SARS-CoV-2 is a circulating variant of SARS-CoV-2, which is a major cause of the pandemic. The emergence of immune-evasive variants, especially Omicron, is a major challenge for the development of broad-spectrum vaccines. We present a mosaic-type trimeric form of spike receptor-binding domain ( mos-tri-RBD ) as a broad-spectrum vaccine candidate, which carries the key mutations from Omicron and other circulating variants. Tests in rats showed that the designed mos-tri-RBD, whether used alone or as a booster shot, elicited potent cross-neutralizing antibodies against not only Omicron but also other immune-evasive variants. Neutralizing antibody ID50 titers induced by mos-tri-RBD were substantially higher than those elicited by homo-tri-RBD ( containing homologous RBDs from prototype strain ) or the BIBP inactivated COVID-19 vaccine ( BBIBP-CorV ). Our study indicates that mos-tri-RBD is highly immunogenic, which may serve as a broad-spectrum vaccine candidate in combating SARS-CoV-2 variants including Omicron.
Plasmodium falciparum is a parasite that causes malaria. The parasites infect human red blood cells where they digest the host’s main protein constituent, hemoglobin. PfA-M17 is one of several aminopeptidases that have been implicated in the last step of this digestive pathway. Here, we show that PfA-M17 is essential for P. falciparum survival as it provides parasites with free amino acids for growth, many of which are highly likely to originate from hemoglobin. We further show that loss of PfA-M17 results in parasites exhibiting multiple digestive vacuoles at the trophozoite stage. In contrast to other hemoglobin-degrading proteases that have overlapping redundant functions, we validate PfA-M17 as a potential novel drug target.
The early hematopoiesis process is characterized by changes in the composition and regulation of hematopoietic stem and progenitor cells ( HSPCs ). Aging and myeloid malignancy are characterized by changes in the composition and regulation of HSPCs. In this study, we used single-cell RNA sequencing ( scRNA-seq ) to characterize an enriched population of human HSPCs obtained from young and elderly healthy individuals. Based on their transcriptional profile, we identified changes in the proportions of progenitor compartments during aging, and differences in their functionality, as evidenced by gene set enrichment analysis. Next, we focused on key regulators of transcription by constructing gene regulatory networks ( GRNs ) and detected regulons that were specifically active in elderly individuals. Using previous findings in healthy cells as a reference, we analyzed scRNA-seq data obtained from patients with myelodysplastic syndrome ( MDS ) and detected specific alterations of the expression dynamics of genes involved in erythroid differentiation in all patients with MDS. In addition, the comparison between transcriptional programs and GRNs regulating normal HSPCs and MDS HSPCs allowed identification of regulons that were specifically active in MDS cases such as SMAD1, HOXA6, POU2F2, and RUNX1 suggesting a role of these transcription factors ( TFs ) in the pathogenesis of the disease.
Honey bees are a group of animals that live in a colony that is a good example of how to learn to avoid a stimulus that is irrelevant to survival. When a stimulus fails to be associated with an important consequence, subsequent excitatory learning about that stimulus can be delayed, which is a form of nonassociative conditioning called ‘latent inhibition’. Honey bees show latent inhibition toward an odor they have experienced without association with food reinforcement. Moreover, individual honey bees from the same colony differ in the degree to which they show latent inhibition, and these individual differences have a genetic basis. To investigate the mechanisms that underly individual differences in latent inhibition, we selected two honey bee lines for high and low latent inhibition, respectively. We crossed those lines and mapped a Quantitative Trait Locus for latent inhibition to a region of the genome that contains the tyramine receptor gene Amtyr1. We then show that disruption of Amtyr1 signaling either pharmacologically or through RNAi qualitatively changes the expression of latent inhibition but has little or slight effects on appetitive conditioning, and these results suggest that Amtyr1 modulates inhibitory processing in the CNS. Electrophysiological recordings from the brain during pharmacological blockade are consistent with a model that Amtyr1 indirectly regulates at inhibitory synapses in the CNS. Our results therefore identify a distinct Amtyr1-based modulatory pathway for this type of nonassociative learning, and we propose a model for how Amtyr1 acts as a gain control to modulate hebbian plasticity at defined synapses
The specific properties of a tissue are distributed amongst its component cells. The various cells act coherently, as an ensemble, in order to execute a physiologic response. Modern approaches for identifying and dissecting novel physiologic mechanisms would benefit from an ability to identify specific cell types in live tissues that could then be imaged in real time. Current techniques require the use of fluorescent genetic reporters that are not only cumbersome, but which only allow the study of three or four cell types at a time. We report a non-invasive imaging modality that capitalizes on the endogenous autofluorescence signatures of the metabolic cofactors NAD ( P ) H and FAD. By marrying morphological characteristics with autofluorescence signatures, all seven of the airway epithelial cells can be distinguished simultaneously in mouse tracheal explants in real time. Furthermore, we find that this methodology for direct cell type-specific identification avoids pitfalls associated with the use of ostensibly cell type-specific markers that are, in fact, altered by clinically relevant physiologic stimuli. Finally, we utilize this methodology to interrogate real-time physiology and identify dynamic secretory cell associated antigen passages ( SAPs ) that form in response to cholinergic stimulus. The identical process has been well documented in the intestine where the dynamic formation of SAPs and goblet cell associated antigen passages ( GAPs ) enable luminal antigen sampling. The same process has been well documented in the intestine where the dynamic formation of SAPs and goblet cell associated antigen passages ( SAPs ) enable luminal antigen sampling.
Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death worldwide due to the inability of adult heart to regenerate after injury. N6-methyladenosine ( m6A ) methylation catalyzed by the enzyme methyltransferase-like 3 ( Mettl3 ) plays an important role in various physiological and pathological bioprocesses. However, the role of m6A in heart regeneration remains largely unclear. To study m6A function in heart regeneration, we modulated Mettl3 expression in vitro and in vivo. Knockdown of Mettl3 significantly increased the proliferation of cardiomyocytes and accelerated heart regeneration following heart injury in neonatal and adult mice. However, Mettl3 overexpression decreased cardiomyocyte proliferation and suppressed heart regeneration in postnatal mice. Conjoint analysis of methylated RNA immunoprecipitation sequencing ( MeRIP-seq ) and RNA-seq identified Fgf16 as a downstream target of Mettl3-mediated m6A modification during postnatal heart regeneration. Conjoint analysis of methylated RNA immunoprecipitation sequencing ( MeRIP-seq ) and RNA-seq identified Fgf16 as a downstream target of Mettl3-mediated m6A modification during postnatal heart regeneration. RIP-qPCR and luciferase reporter assays revealed that Mettl3 negatively regulates Fgf16 mRNA expression in an m6A-Ythdf2-dependent manner. The silencing of Fgf16 suppressed the proliferation of cardiomyocytes and suppressed heart regeneration in postnatal mice compared with
The risk of second primary cancers ( SPC ) is increasing after the first primary cancers are diagnosed and treated. The underlying causal relationship remains unclear. We conducted a pan-cancer association ( 26 cancers ) study in the Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results ( SEER ) database ( non-Hispanic whites ). The standardized incidence ratio ( SIR ) was estimated as the risk of SPCs in cancer survivors based on the incidence in the general population. Furthermore, the causal effect was evaluated by two-sample Mendelian Randomization ( MR, 13 FPCs ) in the UK Biobank ( UKB, n=459, 136, European whites ) and robust analysis ( radial MR and Causal Analysis Using Summary Effect estimates, CAUSE ). We found 11 significant cross-correlations among different cancers after harmonizing SIR and MR results. Whereas only 4 of them were confirmed by MR to have a robust causal relationship. In particular, patients initially diagnosed with oral pharyngeal cancer would have an increased risk of non-Hodgkin lymphoma ( SIRSEER = 1. 18, 95%Confidence Interval [CI]:1. 05–1. 31, ORradial-MR=1. 21, 95% CI:1. 13–1. 30, p=6. 00  10-3; ORcause = 1. 17, 95% CI:1. 05–1. 31, p=8. 90  10-3; ORca
The human eye is a visual organ that is a part of the brain that senses the light. It is also a part of the brain that senses the sound. The brain is a part of the body that senses the light. The brain is a part of the body that senses the light. The brain is a part of the body that senses the light. The brain is a part of the body that senses the light. The brain is a part of the body that senses the light. The brain is a part of the body that senses the light. The brain is a part of the body that senses the light. The brain is a part of the body that senses the light. The brain is a part of the body that senses the light. The brain is a part of the body that senses the light. The brain is a part of the body that senses the light. The brain is a part of the body that senses the light. The brain is a part of the body that senses the light. The brain is a part of the body that senses the light. The brain is a part of the body that senses the light. The brain is a part of the body that senses the light. The brain is a part of the body that senses the light. The brain is a part of the body that senses the light. The brain is a part of the body that senses the light. The brain is a part of the body that senses the light. The brain is a part of the body that senses the light. The brain is a part of the body that senses the light. The brain is a part of the
Most phytophagous insects specialize on a few or a single host plant. In contrast, some species display a remarkably large diet breadth, with host plants spanning several families and many species. It is unclear, however, whether this phylogenetic generalism is supported by a generic metabolic use of common host chemical compounds ( ‘metabolic generalism’ ) or alternatively by distinct uses of diet-specific compounds ( ‘multi-host metabolic specialism’ )? Here, we simultaneously investigated the metabolomes of fruit diets and of individuals of a generalist phytophagous species, Drosophila suzukii, that developed on them. We showed that the consumption of biochemically dissimilar diets resulted in a canalized, generic response from generalist individuals, consistent with the metabolic generalism hypothesis. We also showed that many diet-specific metabolites, such as those related to the particular color, odor, or taste of diets, were not metabolized, and rather accumulated in consumer individuals, even when probably detrimental to fitness. As a result, while individuals were mostly similar across diets, the detection of their particular diet was straightforward. Our study thus supports the view that dietary generalism may emerge from a passive, opportunistic use of various resources, contrary to more widespread views of an active role of adaptation in this process. Such a passive stance towards dietary chemicals, probably costly in the short term, might favor the later evolution of new diet specializations.
The emergence of the Yersinia pseudotuberculosis ( Y. pestis ), the arthropod-borne, etiological agent of plague, has been driven by multiple genetic changes in the enteric pathogen Yersinia pseudotuberculosis. These include developing the capacity for biofilm-dependent blockage of the flea foregut to enable transmission by flea bite. Previously, we showed that pseudogenization of rcsA, encoding a component of the Rcs signalling pathway, is an important evolutionary step facilitating Y. pestis flea-borne transmission. Additionally, rcsD, another important gene in the Rcs system, harbours a frameshift mutation. Here, we demonstrated that this rcsD frameshift mutation followed the emergence of pseudogenization of rcsA. This rcsD frameshift mutation resulted in production of a small protein composing the C-terminal RcsD histidine-phosphotransferase domain ( designated RcsD-Hpt ) and full-length RcsD. Genetic analysis revealed that the rcsD frameshift mutation followed the emergence of pseudogenization of rcsA. This further altered the canonical Rcs phosphorylation signal cascade, fine-tuned biofilm production to be conducive with retention of the pgm locus in modern lineages of Y. pestis. Taken together, our findings suggest that a frameshift mutation in rcsD is an important evolutionary step that fine-tuned biofilm production to
The peer review process is a critical step in ensuring the quality of scientific research. However, its subjectivity has raised concerns. To investigate this issue, I examined over 500 publicly available peer review reports from 200 published neuroscience papers in 2022–2023. OpenAI’s generative artificial intelligence ChatGPT was used to analyze language use in these reports, which demonstrated superior performance compared to traditional lexicon- and rule-based language models. As expected, most reviews for these published papers were seen as favorable by ChatGPT ( 89. 8% of reviews ), and language use was mostly polite ( 99. 8% of reviews ). However, this analysis also demonstrated high levels of variability in how each reviewer scored the same paper, indicating the presence of subjectivity in peer review. In addition, published papers with a female senior author received more favorable reviews than papers with a male senior author, for which I discuss potential causes. Together, this study highlights the potential of generative artificial intelligence in performing natural language processing of specialized scientific texts, underscoring the importance of transparent peer review in studying equitability in scientific publishing.
The liver is a major organ in the body, and it is a major source of cancer. The liver is a major organ in the body, and it is a major source of cancer. The liver is a major organ in the body, and it is a major source of cancer. The liver is a major organ in the body, and it is a major source of cancer. The liver is a major organ in the body, and it is important to treat it with a treatment that is effective. However, it is not clear how the liver is able to cope with the disease. In this study, we used a mouse model of hepatic metastatic disease to demonstrate that the continuous infusion of therapeutic doses of interferon-alpha ( IFN ) controls CRC invasion by acting on liver sinusoidal endothelial cells ( HECs ). Mechanistically, IFN promoted the development of a vascular antimetastatic niche characterized by liver sinusoidal endothelial cells ( LSECs ) defenestration extracellular matrix and glycocalyx deposition, thus strengthening the liver vascular barrier impairing CRC trans-sinusoidal migration, without requiring a direct action on tumor cells, hepatic stellate cells, hepatocytes, or liver dendritic cells ( DCs ), Kupffer cells ( KCs ) and liver capsular macrophages ( LCMs ). Moreover, IFN endowed LSECs with efficient cross-priming potential that, along with the early intravascular tumor burden reduction, supported the generation of antitumor CD
Influenza A virus ( IAV ) is a zoonotic and/or pandemic virus that causes a number of diseases. The virus is transmitted by a variety of viruses, including viruses that are transmitted by a variety of swine. However, the virus is not easily transmitted among pigs, and it is difficult to control it. In this study, we analyzed a collection of bronchoalveolar lavage fluid ( BALF ) samples collected from pigs co-infected with H1N1 and H3N2 IAV strains. We found 54 reassortant viruses that were grouped in 17 single and 16 mixed genotypes. Notably, we found that prime-boost vaccinated pigs had less reassortant viruses than nonvaccinated pigs. However, direct sequencing from BALF samples revealed limited impact of vaccination on viral variant frequency, evolutionary rates, and nucleotide diversity in any IAV coding regions. Overall, our results highlight the value of IAV vaccination not only at limiting virus replication in pigs but also at protecting public health by restricting the generation of novel reassortants with zoonotic and/or pandemic potential.
Aversive stimuli can cause hippocampal place cells to remap their firing fields, but it is not known whether remapping plays a role in storing memories of aversive experiences. Here, we investigated the effect of aversive stimuli on place cells in rats. We found that place cells remap their firing fields following events that are remembered rather than merely perceived and forgotten. We also found that place cells remap their firing fields following events that are remembered rather than merely perceived and forgotten. We conclude that reorganization of hippocampal population codes may play a role in storing memories for aversive events.
HIV-1 infection results in the activation of inflammasome that may facilitate viral spread and establishment of viral reservoirs. We evaluated the effects of the caspase-1 inhibitor VX-765 on HIV-1 infection in humanized NSG mice engrafted with human CD34+ hematopoietic stem cells. Expression of caspase-1, NLRP3, and IL-1 was increased in lymph nodes and bone marrow between day 1 and 3 after HIV-1 infection ( mean fold change ( FC ) of 2. 08, 3. 23, and 6. 05, p0. 001, respectively ). IFI16 and AIM2 expression peaked at day 24 and coincided with increased IL-18 levels ( 6. 89 vs 83. 19 pg/ml, p=0. 004 ), increased viral load and CD4+ T cells loss in blood ( p0. 005 and p0. 0001, for the spleen respectively ). Treatment with VX-765 significantly reduced TNF- at day 11 ( 0. 47 vs 2. 2 pg/ml, p=0. 045 ), IL-18 at day 22 ( 7. 8 vs 23. 2 pg/ml, p=0. 045 ), CD4+ T cells ( 44. 3% vs 36, 7%, p=0. 01 ), viral load ( 4. 26 vs 4. 89 log 10 copies/ml, p=
The loss of a spouse is often cited as the most traumatic event in a person’s life. However, for most people, the severity of grief and its maladaptive effects subside over time via an understudied adaptive process. Like humans, socially monogamous prairie voles ( Microtus ochrogaster ) form opposite-sex pair bonds, and upon partner separation, show stress phenotypes that diminish over time. We test the hypothesis that extended partner separation diminishes pair bond-associated behaviors and causes pair bond transcriptional signatures to erode. Opposite-sex or same-sex paired males were cohoused for 2 weeks and then either remained paired or were separated for 48 hours or 4 weeks before collecting fresh nucleus accumbens tissue for RNAseq. In a separate cohort, we assessed partner-directed affiliation at these time points. We found that these behaviors persist despite prolonged partner separation. Eroded genes are associated with gliogenesis and myelination, suggesting a previously undescribed role for glia in pair bonding and loss. Further, we pioneered neuron-specific translating ribosomal affinity purification in voles. Neuronally enriched transcriptional changes revealed dopaminergic-, mitochondrial-, and steroid hormone signaling-associated gene clusters sensitive to acute pair bond disruption and loss adaptation. Our results suggest that partner separation erodes transcriptomic signatures of pair bonding despite core behavioral features of the bond remaining intact, revealing potential molecular processes priming a vole to be able to form a new bond.
The human body is a complex system of organs that can be used to explore and learn. The human body is a complex system of organs that can be used to explore and learn. The human body is a complex system of organs that can be used to explore and learn. The human body is a complex system of organs that can be used to explore and learn. The human body is a complex system of organs that can be used to explore and learn. The human body is a complex system of organs that can be used to explore and learn. The human body is a complex system of organs that can be used to explore and learn. The human body is a complex system of organs that can be used to explore and learn. The human body is a complex system of organs that can be used to explore and learn. The human body is a complex system of organs that can be used to explore and learn. The human body is a complex system of organs that can be used to explore and learn. The human body is a complex system of organs that can be used to explore and learn. The human body is a complex system of organs that can be used to explore and learn. The human body is a complex system of organs that can be used to explore and learn. The human body is a complex system of organs that can be used to explore and learn. The human body is a complex system of organs that can be used to explore and learn. The human body is a complex system of organs that can be used to explore and learn. The human body is a complex system of organs that can be used to explore and learn. The human body is a complex system of organs that can be used to explore and learn.
The Global Typhoid Genomics Consortium ( GTC ) is a collaborative effort to gather and analyse the genomes of Salmonella enterica serovar Typhi ( Typhi ), a typhoid that has been endemic in the United States since the 1970s. The GTC aims to promote the dissemination of typhoid genome data to inform public health action. This analysis, which marks 22 years since the publication of the first Typhi genome, represents the largest Typhi genome sequence collection to date ( n=13, 000 ). This is a meta-analysis of global genotype and antimicrobial resistance ( AMR ) determinants extracted from previously sequenced genome data and analysed using consistent methods implemented in open analysis platforms GenoTyphi and Pathogenwatch. We highlight that genotype 4. 3. 1 ( H58 ) has not spread beyond Asia and Eastern/Southern Africa; in other regions, distinct genotypes dominate and have independently evolved AMR. Data gaps remain in many parts of the world, and we show the potential of travel-associated sequences to provide informal ‘sentinel’ surveillance for such locations. The data indicate that ciprofloxacin non-susceptibility ( >1 resistance determinant ) is widespread across geographies and genotypes, with high-level ciprofloxacin resistance ( 3 determinants ) reaching 20% prevalence in South Asia. Extensively drug-resistant ( XDR ) typhoid has become dominant in Pakistan ( 70% in 2020 ) but has not yet become established elsewhere. Ceftriaxone resistance has emerged in eight non-XDR genotypes, including a 
Plants undergo vernalization, a process that occurs when plants undergo a long-term winter cold. The process is triggered by the presence of a flowering repressor called FLOWERING LOCUS C ( FLC ). COOLAIR, a cold-induced antisense RNA transcribed from the FLC locus, has been proposed to facilitate FLC silencing. Here, we show that COOLAIR is induced by C-repeat ( CRT ) /dehydration-responsive elements ( DREs ) at the 3′-end of FLC and CRT/DRE-binding factors ( CBFs ) at the 3′-end of FLC. CBFs bind to CRT/DRE-binding factors at the 3′-end of FLC, and COOLAIR levels increase gradually during vernalization. COOLAIR levels are severely impaired in cbfs mutants in which all CBF genes are knocked-out. Conversely, CBF-overexpressing plants show increased COOLAIR levels even at warm temperatures. We also demonstrate that COOLAIR is induced by CBFs during early stages of vernalization but COOLAIR levels decrease in later phases as FLC chromatin transitions to an inactive state to which CBFs can no longer bind. We also demonstrate that COOLAIR is not required for the vernalization process.
HIV-1 reservoir cells that circulate in peripheral blood during suppressive antiretroviral therapy ( ART ) have been well characterized, but little is known about the dissemination of HIV-1-infected cells across multiple anatomical tissues, especially the CNS. Here, we performed single-genome, near full-length HIV-1 next-generation sequencing to evaluate the proviral landscape in distinct anatomical compartments, including multiple CNS tissues, from 3 ART-treated participants at autopsy. While lymph nodes and, to a lesser extent, gastrointestinal and genitourinary tissues represented tissue hotspots for the persistence of intact proviruses, we also observed intact proviruses in CNS tissue sections, particularly in the basal ganglia. Multi-compartment dissemination of clonal intact and defective proviral sequences occurred across multiple anatomical tissues, including the CNS, and evidence for the clonal proliferation of HIV-1-infected cells was found in the basal ganglia, in the frontal lobe, in the thalamus and in periventricular white matter. Deep analysis of HIV-1 reservoirs in distinct tissues will be informative for advancing HIV-1 cure strategies.
Circadian clocks are highly conserved transcriptional regulators that control 24 hr oscillations in gene expression and behavior. Many disease states are associated with loss of circadian regulation. How and when circadian clocks fail during pathogenesis remains largely unknown. Here, we developed a method to directly measure the transcriptional oscillation of distinct neuronal and peripheral clocks in live, intact Drosophila. We found that specific neuronal and peripheral clocks exhibit distinct transcriptional properties. Loss of the receptor for PDF, a circadian neurotransmitter critical for the function of the brain clock, disrupts circadian locomotor activity but not all tissue-specific clocks. We also demonstrate that distinct clocks exhibit differences in their loss of oscillatory amplitude or their change in period, depending on their anatomical location, mutation, or fly age. Our results demonstrate that LABL is an effective tool that allows rapid, affordable, and direct real-time monitoring of individual clocks in vivo.
The endosome is a complex of proteins that transport proteins from the cell to the endosome. The endosome is a complex of proteins that are arranged in a symmetrical pattern, and are arranged in a symmetrical pattern. The proteins are arranged in a symmetrical pattern, and are arranged in a symmetrical pattern. The proteins are arranged in a symmetrical pattern, and are arranged in a symmetrical pattern. The proteins are arranged in a symmetrical pattern, and are arranged in a symmetrical pattern. The proteins are arranged in a symmetrical pattern, and are arranged in a symmetrical pattern. The proteins are arranged in a symmetrical pattern, and are arranged in a symmetrical pattern. The proteins are arranged in a symmetrical pattern, and are arranged in a symmetrical pattern. The proteins are arranged in a symmetrical pattern, and are arranged in a symmetrical pattern. The proteins are arranged in a symmetrical pattern, and are arranged in a symmetrical pattern. The proteins are arranged in a symmetrical pattern, and are arranged in a symmetrical pattern. The proteins are arranged in a symmetrical pattern, and are arranged in a symmetrical pattern. The proteins are arranged in a symmetrical pattern, and are arranged in a symmetrical pattern. The proteins are arranged in a symmetrical pattern, and are arranged in a symmetrical pattern. The proteins are arranged in a symmetrical pattern, and are
The effects of temperature on interaction strengths of marine communities are important for understanding and forecasting how global climate change impacts marine ecosystems. However, tracking and quantifying interactions of marine fish species are practically difficult especially under field conditions, and thus, how temperature influences their interaction strengths under field conditions remains poorly understood. We herein performed quantitative fish environmental DNA ( eDNA ) metabarcoding on 550 seawater samples that were collected twice a month from 11 coastal sites for 2 years in the Boso Peninsula, Japan, and analyzed eDNA monitoring data using nonlinear time series analytical tools. We detected fish–fish interactions as information flow between eDNA time series, reconstructed interaction networks for the top 50 frequently detected species, and quantified pairwise, fluctuating interaction strengths. Although there was a large variation, water temperature influenced fish–fish interaction strengths. Although there was a large variation, water temperature influenced fish–fish interaction strengths. The impact of water temperature on interaction strengths varied among fish species, suggesting that fish species identity influences the temperature effects on interactions. An increase in water temperature induced by global climate change may change fish interactions in a complex way, which consequently influences marine community dynamics and stability. Our research demonstrates a practical research framework to study the effects of environmental variables on interaction strengths of marine communities in nature, which would contribute to understanding and predicting natural marine ecosystem dynamics.
The avian palaeognath phylogeny has been recently revised significantly due to the advancement of genome-wide comparative analyses and provides the opportunity to trace the evolution of the microstructure and crystallography of modern dinosaur eggshells. Here, eggshells of all major clades of Palaeognathae ( including extinct taxa ) and selected eggshells of Neognathae and non-avian dinosaurs are analysed with electron backscatter diffraction. Our results show the detailed microstructures and crystallographies of ( previously ) loosely categorized ostrich-, rhea-, and tinamou-style morphotypes of palaeognath eggshells. All rhea-style eggshell appears homologous, while respective ostrich-style and tinamou-style morphotypes are best interpreted as homoplastic morphologies ( independently acquired ). Ancestral state reconstruction and parsimony analysis additionally show that rhea-style eggshell represents the ancestral state of palaeognath eggshells both in microstructure and crystallography. The ornithological and palaeontological implications of the current study are not only helpful for the understanding of evolution of modern and extinct dinosaur eggshells, but also aid other disciplines where palaeognath eggshells provide useful archive for comparative contrasts ( e. g. palaeoenvironmental reconstructions, geochronology, and zooarchaeology ).
The ability to detect and track the location of a vocalization is a key component of communication and navigation. The ability to detect and track the location of a vocalization is a key challenge for many species. In this study, we present a hybrid ultrasonic tracking system, Hybrid Vocalization Localizer ( HyVL ), that synergistically integrates a high-resolution acoustic camera with high-quality ultrasonic microphones. HyVL is the first to achieve millimeter precision ( 3. 4–4. 8 mm, 91% assigned ) in localizing USVs, 3 better than other systems, approaching the physical limits ( mouse snout 10 mm ). We analyze mouse courtship interactions and demonstrate that males and females vocalize in starkly different relative spatial positions, and that the fraction of female vocalizations has likely been overestimated previously due to imprecise localization. Further, we find that when two males interact with one female, one of the males takes a dominant role in the interaction both in terms of the vocalization rate and the location relative to the female. HyVL substantially improves the precision with which social communication between rodents can be studied. It is also affordable, open-source, easy to set up, can be integrated with existing setups, and reduces the required number of experiments and animals.
Sarcomeres are the force-producing units of all striated muscles. Their nanoarchitecture critically depends on the large titin protein, which spans from the sarcomeric Z-disc to the M-band and hence links actin and myosin filaments stably together. This ensures sarcomeric integrity and determines the length of vertebrate sarcomeres. However, the instructive role of titins for sarcomeric architecture outside vertebrates is not as well understood. Here, we used a series of nanobodies, the Drosophila titin nanobody toolbox, recognising specific domains of the two Drosophila titin homologs Sallimus and Projectin to determine their precise location in intact flight muscles. By combining nanobodies with DNA-PAINT super-resolution microscopy, we found that Sallimus bridges across the flight muscle I-band, whereas Projectin is located at the beginning of the A-band. Interestingly, the ends of both proteins overlap at the I-band/A-band border, revealing a staggered organisation of the two Drosophila titin homologs. This architecture may help to stably anchor Sallimus at the myosin filament and hence ensure efficient force transduction during flight.
Cells are a key part of the cell cycle, and they are able to perform many functions. The cell cycle is a complex process that requires a large number of different cell types, and the cell cycle is a complex process that requires a large number of different cell types. The cell cycle is a complex process that requires a large number of different cell types, and the cell cycle is a complex process that requires a large number of different cell types. The cell cycle is a complex process that requires a large number of different cell types, and the cell cycle is a complex process that requires a large number of different cell types. The cell cycle is a complex process that requires a large number of different cell types, and the cell cycle is a complex process that requires a large number of different cell types. The cell cycle is a complex process that requires a large number of different cell types, and the cell cycle is a complex process that requires a large number of different cell types. The cell cycle is a complex process that requires a large number of different cell types, and the cell cycle is a complex process that requires a large number of different cell types. The cell cycle is a complex process that requires a large number of different cell types, and the cell cycle is a complex process that requires a large number of different cell types. The cell cycle is a complex process that requires a large number of different cell types, and the cell cycle is a complex process that requires a large number of different cell types, and the cell cycle is a complex process that requires a large number of different cell types.
Cardiomyopathy is a common symptom of a variety of diseases, including Parkinson’s disease, Parkinson’s disease, and Alzheimer’s disease. The heart is the largest organ in the body, and the heart is the largest organ in the body. The heart is the largest organ in the body, and the heart is the largest organ in the body. The heart is the largest organ in the body, and the heart is the largest organ in the body. The heart is the largest organ in the body, and the heart is the largest organ in the body. The heart is the largest organ in the body, and the heart is the largest organ in the body. The heart is the largest organ in the body, and the heart is the largest organ in the body. The heart is the largest organ in the body, and the heart is the largest organ in the body. The heart is the largest organ in the body, and the heart is the largest organ in the body. The heart is the largest organ in the body, and the heart is the largest organ in the body. The heart is the largest organ in the body, and the heart is the largest organ in the body. The heart is the largest organ in the body, and the heart is the largest organ in the body. The heart is the largest organ in the body, and the heart is the largest organ in the body. The heart is the largest organ in the body, and the heart is the largest organ in the body. The heart is the largest organ in the body, and the heart is the largest organ in the body. The heart is the largest organ in the body, and the heart is the largest organ in the body.
The early stages of mouse life are characterized by a rapid development of the olfactory system, which is a system of sensory sensory inputs that can be used to detect odors. The olfactory system is a system of sensory inputs that can be used to detect odors, and it is important to understand how olfactory signals can affect the early development of mice. In this study, we show that olfactory cues can have a sex-specific effect on lifespan, and that olfactory cues can also have a sex-specific effect on lifespan. We hypothesized that olfactory cues might also have a sex-specific effect on lifespan, and we show here that female lifespan can be increased significantly by odors from adult females administered transiently, that is from 3 days until 60 days of age. Female lifespan was not modified by male odors, nor was male lifespan susceptible to odors from adults of either sex. Conditional deletion of the G protein Go in the olfactory system, which leads to impaired accessory olfactory system function and blunted reproductive priming responses to male odors in females, did not modify the effect of female odors on female lifespan. Our data provide support for the idea that very young mice are susceptible to influences that can have long-lasting effects on health maintenance in later life, and provide a potential example of lifespan extension by olfactory cues in mice.
The chemogenetic mechanisms that control the brain and spinal cord are largely unknown. The chemogenetic mechanisms that control the brain and spinal cord are largely unknown. In this study, we show that a novel chemogenetic actuator, clozapine-N-oxide ( CNO ), is able to modulate sleep in mice without clozapine receptors. We show that CNO and C21 can modulate sleep of mice without clozapine receptors. This suggests that back-metabolism to clozapine is not the sole mechanism underlying side effects of chemogenetic actuators. Therefore, any chemogenetic experiment should include a DREADD-free control group injected with the same CNO, C21, or newly developed actuator.
The bacterial chemotaxis system is a complex system of bacterial chemotaxis that is based on a combination of chemical gradients and a single microfluidic device. The chemotaxis system is a complex system of bacterial chemotaxis that is based on a single microfluidic device. The chemotaxis system is a complex system of bacterial chemotaxis that is based on a single microfluidic device. The chemotaxis system is based on a single microfluidic device, which is a device that can simultaneously perform six parallel bacterial chemotaxis assays. The chemotaxis system is based on a single microfluidic device, which is a device that can simultaneously perform six parallel bacterial chemotaxis assays. The chemotaxis system is based on a single microfluidic device, which can simultaneously perform six parallel bacterial chemotaxis assays. The chemotaxis system is based on a single microfluidic device, which can simultaneously perform six parallel bacterial chemotaxis assays. The chemotaxis system is based on a single microfluidic device, which can simultaneously perform six parallel bacterial chemotaxis assays. The chemotaxis system is based on a single microfluidic device, which can simultaneously perform six parallel bacterial chemotaxis assays. The chemotaxis system is based on a single microfluidic device, which can simultaneously perform six parallel bacterial chemotaxis assays. The
The neural crest is a complex network of cells that regulates the development of the brain. The neural crest is a complex network of cells that regulates the development of the brain. The neural crest is a complex network of cells that regulates the development of the brain. The neural crest is a complex network of cells that regulates the development of the brain. The neural crest is a complex network of cells that regulates the development of the brain. The neural crest is a complex network of cells that regulates the development of the brain. The neural crest is a complex network of cells that regulates the development of the brain. The neural crest is a complex network of cells that regulates the development of the brain. The neural crest is a complex network of cells that regulates the development of the brain. The neural crest is a complex network of cells that regulates the development of the brain. The neural crest is a complex network of cells that regulates the development of the brain. The neural crest is a complex network of cells that regulates the development of the brain. The neural crest is a complex network of cells that regulates the development of the brain. The neural crest is a complex network of cells that regulates the development of the brain. The neural crest is a complex network of cells that regulates the development of the brain. The neural crest is a complex network of cells that regulates the development of the brain. The neural crest is a complex network of cells that regulates the development of the brain. The neural crest is a complex network of cells that regulates the development of the brain. The neural crest is a complex network of cells that regulates the development of the brain.
The brain is a complex network of neurons that control the flow of energy and energy. The brain is composed of two main neurons, the phrenic motor neurons ( MNs ) and the Dbx1-derived interneurons. The two neurons are regulated by a complex circuit called the respiratory circuit. The phrenic motor neurons are a key component of the respiratory circuit, and they are responsible for the rhythm and pattern of breathing. The phrenic motor neurons are a key component of the respiratory circuit, and they are required to produce a robust breathing output. However, the mechanisms that drive the assembly of the respiratory circuits are unknown. Here, we show that the two MNs and Dbx1-derived neurons are required to generate a robust breathing output. The phrenic motor neurons are regulated by a complex circuit called the phrenic motor neurons. The phrenic motor neurons are regulated by a complex circuit called the phrenic motor neurons. The phrenic motor neurons are regulated by a complex circuit called the phrenic motor neurons. The phrenic motor neurons are regulated by a complex circuit called the phrenic motor neurons. The phrenic motor neurons are regulated by a complex circuit called the phrenic motor neurons. The phrenic motor neurons are regulated by a complex circuit called the phrenic motor neurons. The phrenic motor neurons are regulated by a complex circuit called the phrenic motor neurons. The phrenic motor neurons are regulated by a complex circuit called the phrenic motor neurons. The phrenic motor neurons are regulated by a complex circuit called the
The power of social media platforms has been attributed to the human need for social rewards. Here, we demonstrate that the spread of misinformation on such platforms is facilitated by existing social ‘carrots’ ( e. g., ‘likes’ ) and ‘sticks’ ( e. g., ‘dislikes’ ) that are dissociated from the veracity of the information shared. Testing 951 participants over six experiments, we show that a slight change to the incentive structure of social media platforms, such that social rewards and punishments are contingent on information veracity, produces a considerable increase in the discernment of shared information. Namely, an increase in the proportion of true information shared relative to the proportion of false information shared. Computational modeling ( i. e., drift-diffusion models ) revealed the underlying mechanism of this effect is associated with an increase in the weight participants assign to evidence consistent with discerning behavior. The results offer evidence for an intervention that could be adopted to reduce misinformation spread, which in turn could reduce violence, vaccine hesitancy and political polarization, without reducing engagement.
Microtubules are a key component of the cell’s structure. They are a key part of the cell’s structure, and they are a key part of the cell’s function. The disassembly of microtubules is a key part of the cell’s function. The disassembly of microtubules is a key part of the cell’s function. The disassembly of microtubules is a key part of the cell’s function. The disassembly of microtubules is a key part of the cell’s function. The disassembly of microtubules is a key part of the cell’s function. The disassembly of microtubules is a key part of the cell’s function. The disassembly of microtubules is a key part of the cell’s function. The disassembly of microtubules is a key part of the cell’s function. The disassembly of microtubules is a key part of the cell’s function. The disassembly of microtubules is a key part of the cell’s function. The disassembly of microtubules is a key part of the cell’s function. The disassembly of microtubules is a key part of the cell’s function. The disassembly of microtubules is a key part of the cell’s function. The disassembly of microtubules is
Hagfish are a marine mammal that lives in the oceans. They are a marine mammal that lives in the oceans and is a major predator of marine mammals. They are a great example of how a fish can survive in the ocean. They are a great example of how a fish can survive in the ocean. They are a great example of how a fish can survive in the ocean. They are a great example of how a fish can survive in the ocean. They are a great example of how a fish can survive in the ocean. They are a great example of how a fish can survive in the ocean. They are a great example of how a fish can survive in the ocean. They are a great example of how a fish can survive in the ocean. They are a great example of how a fish can survive in the ocean. They are a great example of how a fish can survive in the ocean. They are a great example of how a fish can survive in the ocean. They are a great example of how a fish can survive in the ocean. They are a great example of how a fish can survive in the ocean. They are a great example of how a fish can survive in the ocean. They are a great example of how a fish can survive in the ocean. They are a great example of how a fish can survive in the ocean. They are a great example of how a fish can survive in the ocean. They are a great example of how a fish can survive in the ocean. They are a great example of how a fish can survive in the ocean. They are a great example of how a fish can survive in
The chronic temporal lobe epilepsy ( TLE ) is a severe, comorbid disorder that affects approximately 80% of the population. The comorbidities of TLE are characterized by a high prevalence of seizures and comorbidities of memory. The treatment of TLE with sodium selenate is a promising strategy to mitigate the severity of TLE. However, there is no pharmacological disease-modifying treatment with an enduring effect to mitigate the seizures and comorbidities of TLE. This study aimed to evaluate for disease modifying effects of sodium selenate treatment in the chronically epileptic rat post-status epilepticus ( SE ) model of drug-resistant TLE. Wistar rats underwent kainic acid-induced SE or sham. Ten-weeks post-SE, animals received sodium selenate, levetiracetam, or vehicle subcutaneousinfusion continuously for 4 weeks. To evaluate the effects of the treatments, one week of continuous video-EEG was acquired before, during, and 4, 8 weeks post-treatment, followed by behavioral tests. Targeted and untargeted proteomics and metabolomics were performed on post-mortem brain tissue to identify potential pathways associated with modified disease outcomes. Telomere length was investigated as a novel surrogate marker of epilepsy disease severity in our current study. Our results provide evidence that sodium selenate treatment results in a sustained disease-modifying effect in chronically epileptic rats in the post-KA SE model of TLE, including improved comorbid learning and memory deficits.
Fragility fracture is associated with an increased risk of mortality, but mortality is not part of doctor-patient communication. Here, we introduce a new concept called ‘Skeletal Age’ as the age of an individual’s skeleton resulting from a fragility fracture to convey the combined risk of fracture and fracture-associated mortality for an individual. We used the Danish National Hospital Discharge Register which includes the whole-country data of 1, 667, 339 adults in Denmark born on or before January 1, 1950, who were followed up to December 31, 2016 for incident low-trauma fracture and mortality. Skeletal age is defined as the sum of chronological age and the number of years of life lost ( YLL ) associated with a fracture. Cox’s proportional hazards model was employed to determine the hazard of mortality associated with a specific fracture for a given risk profile, and the hazard was then transformed into YLL using the Gompertz law of mortality. During the median follow-up period of 16 years, there had been 307, 870 fractures and 122, 744 post-fracture deaths. A fracture was associated with between 1 and 7 years of life lost, with the loss being greater in men than women. Hip fractures incurred the greatest loss of life years. For instance, a 60-year-old individual with a hip fracture is estimated to have a skeletal age of 66 for men and 65 for women. Skeletal Age was estimated for each age and fracture site stratified by gender. We propose ‘Skeletal Age’ as a new metric to assess the impact of a fragility fracture on an individual’s life expectancy. This approach will
The brain is a complex organ that is able to detect and detect changes in the brain. The brain is a complex organ that is able to detect changes in the brain, and it is important to understand how the brain works. The brain is a complex organ that is able to detect changes in the brain, and it is important to understand how the brain works. The brain is a complex organ that is able to detect changes in the brain, and it is important to understand how the brain works. The brain is a complex organ that is able to detect changes in the brain, and it is important to understand how the brain works. The brain is a complex organ that is able to detect changes in the brain, and it is important to understand how the brain works. However, it is not clear how the brain works. In this paper, we propose a deep neural network called the Brain Extraction Net ( BEN ), which can extract brain tissue across species, MRI modalities, and MR scanners. We have evaluated BEN on 18 independent datasets, including 783 rodent MRI scans, 246 nonhuman primate MRI scans, and 4601 human MRI scans, covering five species, four modalities, and six MR scanners with various magnetic field strengths. Our proposed method not only provides a generalized solution for extracting brain tissue across species but also significantly improves the accuracy of atlas registration, thereby benefiting the downstream processing tasks. As a novel fully automated deep-learning method, BEN is designed as an open-source software to enable high-throughput processing of neuroimaging data across species in preclinical and clinical applications.
Heme is a protein that is a key component of the cellular transport of iron. Heme is a protein that is a key component of the transport of iron. Heme is a protein that is a key component of the transport of iron. Heme is a protein that is a key component of the transport of iron. Heme is a protein that is a key component of the transport of iron. Heme is a protein that is a key component of the transport of iron. Heme is a protein that is a key component of the transport of iron. Heme is a protein that is a key component of the transport of iron. Heme is a protein that is a key component of the transport of iron. Heme is a protein that is a key component of the transport of iron. Heme is a protein that is a key component of the transport of iron. Heme is a protein that is a key component of the transport of iron. Heme is a protein that is a key component of the transport of iron. Heme is a protein that is a key component of the transport of iron. Heme is a protein that is a key component of the transport of iron. Heme is a protein that is a key component of the transport of iron. Heme is a protein that is a key component of the transport of iron. Heme is a protein that is a key component of the transport of iron. Heme is a protein that is a key component of the transport of iron. Heme is a protein that is a key component of the transport of iron. Heme is a protein that is a key component of the transport of iron
Vibrio cholerae is a Gram-negative bacterium that causes diarrheal cholera disease. Its environmental persistence causing recurring sudden outbreaks is enabled by Vibrio’s rapid adaption to changing environments involving sensory proteins like ToxR and ToxS. Located at the inner membrane, ToxR and ToxS react to environmental stimuli like bile acid, thereby inducing survival strategies for example bile resistance and virulence regulation. The presented crystal structure of the sensory domains of ToxR and ToxS in combination with multiple bile acid interaction studies reveals that a bile binding pocket of ToxS is only properly folded upon binding to ToxR. Our data support the previously suggested link between ToxRS and VtrAC-like co-component systems, further emphasizing its significance. Unravelling the intricate mechanisms governing ToxRS’s environmental sensing capabilities, provides a promising tool for disruption of this vital interaction, ultimately inhibiting Vibrio’s survival and virulence. Our findings hold far-reaching implications for all Vibrio strains that rely on the ToxRS system as a shared sensory cornerstone for adapting to their surroundings.
The hippocampus is a complex structure that supports multiple cognitive functions including episodic memory. Recent work has highlighted functional differences along the anterior–posterior axis of the human hippocampus, but the neuroanatomical underpinnings of these differences remain unclear. We leveraged track-density imaging to systematically examine anatomical connectivity between the cortical mantle and the anterior–posterior axis of the in vivo human hippocampus. We first identified the most highly connected cortical areas and detailed the degree to which they preferentially connect along the anterior–posterior axis of the hippocampus. Then, using a tractography pipeline specifically tailored to measure the location and density of streamline endpoints within the hippocampus, we characterised where these cortical areas preferentially connect within the hippocampus. Our findings inform conceptual debates in the field and emphasise the importance of considering the hippocampus as a heterogeneous structure.
The innate immunity defence against viral pathogens is a key component of the innate immunity defence against viral pathogens. The STING pathway is activated after detection of cytoplasmic dsDNA by cGAS ( cyclic GMP-AMP synthase ) as part of the innate immunity defence against viral pathogens. STING binds TANK-binding kinase 1 ( TBK1 ), which is associated with familial amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. TBK1 mutations are associated with familial amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, and the STING pathway has been implicated in the pathogenesis of further neurodegenerative diseases. To test whether STING activation is sufficient to induce neurodegeneration, we analysed a mouse model that expresses the constitutively active STING variant N153S. In this model, we focused on dopaminergic neurons, which are particularly sensitive to stress and represent a circumscribed population that can be precisely quantified. In adult mice expressing N153S STING, the number of dopaminergic neurons was smaller than in controls, as was the density of dopaminergic axon terminals and the concentration of dopamine in the striatum. Neuroinflammation was quantified by staining astroglia and microglia, by measuring mRNAs, proteins and nuclear translocation of transcription factors. These neuroinflammatory markers were already elevated in juvenile mice although at this age the number of dopaminergic neurons was still unaffected, thus preceding the degeneration of dopaminergic neurons. Collectively, these findings demonstrate that chronic activation of the S
Cancer is a cancer that causes a variety of diseases, including cancers, autoimmune diseases, and cancers. The majority of patients will experience partial response followed by relapse of resistant tumors. While treatment resistance has frequently been attributed to clonal selection and immunoediting, comparisons of paired primary and relapsed tumors in melanoma and breast cancer indicate that they share the majority of clones. Here, we demonstrate in both mouse models and clinical human samples that tumor cells evade immunotherapy by generating unique transient cell-in-cell structures, which are resistant to killing by T cells and chemotherapies. While the outer cells in this cell-in-cell formation are often killed by reactive T cells, the inner cells remain intact and disseminate into single tumor cells once T cells are no longer present. Indeed, inhibiting these factors prior to immunotherapy significantly improves its therapeutic efficacy. Overall, this work highlights a currently insurmountable limitation of immunotherapy and reveals a previously unknown resistance mechanism which enables tumor cells to survive immune-mediated killing without altering their immunogenicity.
The brain is a complex network of neurons that can detect and interpret information about the brain. The brain is a complex network of neurons that can detect and interpret information about the brain. The brain is a complex network of neurons that can detect and interpret information about the brain. The brain is a complex network of neurons that can detect and interpret information about the brain. The brain is a complex network of neurons that can detect and interpret information about the brain. The brain is a complex network of neurons that can detect and interpret information about the brain. The brain is a complex network of neurons that can detect and interpret information about the brain. The brain is a complex network of neurons that can detect and interpret information about the brain. The brain is a complex network of neurons that can detect and interpret information about the brain. The brain is a complex network of neurons that can detect and interpret information about the brain. The brain is a complex network of neurons that can detect and interpret information about the brain. The brain is a complex network of neurons that can detect and interpret information about the brain. The brain is a complex network of neurons that can detect and interpret information about the brain. The brain is a complex network of neurons that can detect and interpret information about the brain. The brain is a complex network of neurons that can detect and interpret information about the brain. The brain is a complex network of neurons that can detect and interpret information about the brain. The brain is a complex network of neurons that can detect and interpret information about the brain. The brain is a complex network of neurons that can detect and interpret information about the brain. The brain is a complex network of neurons that can detect and interpret information about the brain. The brain is a complex network of neurons that can detect and interpret information about the brain 
Cells are a key part of the human body, and they are able to differentiate between different cells. The stem cell is a type of cell that is able to differentiate between different cells. The stem cell is a type of cell that is able to differentiate between different cells. The stem cell is able to differentiate between different cells, and it is important to understand how stem cells differentiate. The stem cell is able to differentiate between different cells, and it is important to understand how stem cells differentiate between different cells. The stem cell is able to differentiate between different cells, and it is important to understand how stem cells differentiate between different cells. However, it is not clear how stem cells differentiate between different cells. We used a method called a transcription factor FruitlessC ( FruC ) to study how the transcription factor FruitlessC regulates gene expression in fly neural stem cells. We found that FruC binds cis-regulatory elements of most genes uniquely transcribed in neuroblasts. We show that FruC negatively regulates gene expression by promoting low-level enrichment of the repressive histone mark H3K27me3 in gene cis-regulatory regions. Identical to fruC loss-of-function, reducing Polycomb Repressive Complex 2 activity increases stemness gene activity. We propose low-level H3K27me3 enrichment fine-tunes gene expression in stem cells, a mechanism likely conserved from flies to humans.
The human liver is a major organ in the body, and it is a major source of apoptotic cells. The apoptotic cells are removed daily by professional phagocytes ( e. g. macrophages ) and neighboring nonprofessional phagocytes ( e. g. stromal cells ). However, neutrophils are thought to be excluded from apoptotic sites to avoid tissue inflammation. Here, we report a fundamental and unexpected role of neutrophils as the predominant phagocyte responsible for the clearance of apoptotic hepatocytes in the steady state. In contrast to the engulfment of dead cells by macrophages, neutrophils burrowed directly into apoptotic hepatocytes, a process we call perforocytosis, and ingested the effete cells from the inside. The depletion of neutrophils caused defective removal of apoptotic bodies, induced tissue injury in the mouse liver, and led to the generation of autoantibodies. Human autoimmune liver disease showed similar defects in the neutrophil-mediated clearance of apoptotic hepatocytes through perforocytosis, and defects in this key housekeeping function of neutrophils contribute to the genesis of autoimmune liver disease.
The nervous system is composed of a network of neurons, called motor neurons, that control the movement of the body. The nervous system is composed of a network of neurons called flexor-extensor motor neurons. The neurons are regulated by a network of interneurons within the spinal cord, but the computational processes involved in motor control are not fully understood. The neural architecture of motor and premotor neurons into topographic patterns related to their controlled muscles is thought to facilitate how information is processed by spinal circuits. Rabies retrograde monosynaptic tracing has been used to label premotor interneurons innervating specific motor neurons, with previous studies reporting topographic mediolateral positional biases in flexor and extensor premotor interneurons. To more precisely define how premotor interneurons contacting specific motor pools are organized, we used multiple complementary viral-tracing approaches in mice to minimize systematic biases associated with each method. Contrary to expectations, we found that premotor interneurons contacting motor pools controlling flexion and extension of the ankle are highly intermingled rather than segregated into specific domains like motor neurons. Thus, premotor spinal neurons controlling different muscles process motor instructions in the absence of clear spatial patterns among the flexor-extensor circuit components.
The brain is a complex network of neurons that is able to detect changes in the temperature of the environment. The brain is also able to detect changes in the temperature of the environment, which is a key physiologic process. In this study, we have recorded the electrophysiology, rsfMRI, and respiration signals in rats. We show that respiration is indeed associated with neural activity changes, evidenced by a phase-locking relationship between slow respiration variations and the gamma-band power of the electrophysiological signal recorded in the anterior cingulate cortex. In addition, slow respiration variations are also linked to a characteristic rsfMRI network, which is mediated by gamma-band neural activity. In addition, this respiration-related brain network disappears when brain-wide neural activity is silenced at an isoelectrical state, while the respiration is maintained, further confirming the necessary role of neural activity in this network.
The ability of bats to capture prey in a dynamic environment is a key factor in the survival of specialized predators. In this study, we show that greater mouse-eared bats use two foraging strategies, with similar average nightly captures of 25 small, aerial insects and 29 large, ground-dwelling insects per bat, but with much higher capture success in the air ( 76% ) vs ground ( 30% ). However, owing to the 3–20 times larger ground prey, 85% of the nightly food acquisition comes from ground prey despite the 2. 5 times higher failure rates. We find that most bats use the same foraging strategy on a given night suggesting that bats adapt their hunting behavior to weather and ground conditions. We conclude that these bats use high risk-high gain gleaning of ground prey as a primary foraging tactic but switch to aerial hunting when environmental changes reduce the profitability of ground prey, showing that prey switching matched to environmental dynamics plays a key role in covering the energy intake even in specialized predators.
Human right-handedness has been extensively debated for decades. We have analyzed hand preference for object manipulation in 1786 individuals from 38 species of anthropoid primates, including monkeys, apes, and humans. We found that human right-handedness represents an unparalleled extreme among anthropoids and found taxa displaying population-level handedness to be rare. We found that human right-handedness represents an unparalleled extreme among anthropoids and found taxa displaying population-level handedness to be rare. Species-level direction of manual lateralization was largely uniform among non-human primates and did not strongly correlate with any of the selected biological predictors, nor with phylogeny. In contrast, we recovered highly variable patterns of hand preference strength, which show signatures of both ecology and phylogeny. In particular, terrestrial primates tend to display weaker hand preferences than arboreal species. These results challenge popular ideas on primate handedness evolution, including the postural origins hypothesis. Furthermore, they point to a potential adaptive benefit of disparate lateralization strength in primates, a measure of hand preference that has often been overlooked in the past.
Williams–Beuren syndrome ( WBS ) is a rare genetic multisystemic disorder characterized by mild-to-moderate intellectual disability and hypersocial phenotype. The most life-threatening features are cardiovascular abnormalities. Nowadays, there are no pharmacological treatments to directly ameliorate the main traits of WBS. The endocannabinoid system ( ECS ), given its relevance for both cognitive and cardiovascular function, could be a potential druggable target in this syndrome. We analyzed the components of the ECS in the complete deletion ( CD ) mouse model of WBS and assessed the impact of its pharmacological modulation in key phenotypes relevant for WBS. CD mice showed the characteristic hypersociable phenotype with no preference for social novelty and poor short-term object-recognition performance. Endocannabinoid signaling modulation with subchronic ( 10 days ) JZL184, a selective inhibitor of monoacylglycerol lipase, specifically normalized the social and cognitive phenotype of CD mice. Notably, JZL184 treatment improved cardiovascular function and restored gene expression patterns in cardiac tissue. These results reveal the modulation of the ECS as a promising novel therapeutic approach to improve key phenotypic alterations in WBS.
The development of the adult organism depends on the sequential expression of the transcription factors chinmo, Br-C, and E93. However, how these transcription factors determine temporal identity in developing tissues is poorly understood. Here, we report on the role of the larval specifier chinmo in larval and adult progenitor cells during fly development. Interestingly, chinmo promotes growth in larval and imaginal tissues in a Br-C-independent and -dependent manner, respectively. In addition, we found that the absence of chinmo during metamorphosis is critical for proper adult differentiation. Importantly, we also provide evidence that, in contrast to the well-known role of chinmo as a pro-oncogene, Br-C and E93 act as tumour suppressors. Finally, we reveal that the function of chinmo as a juvenile specifier is conserved in hemimetabolous insects as its homolog has a similar role in Blatella germanica. Taken together, our results suggest that the sequential expression of the transcription factors Chinmo, Br-C and E93 during larva, pupa and adult respectively coordinates the formation of the different organs that constitute the adult organism.
The metabolic system is a complex system of enzymatic reactions that are regulated by a number of different mechanisms. The mechanisms that regulate the dynamics of the metabolites are largely unknown, but there are also other metabolites that act as cycled co-substrates in different parts of the central metabolism. Here, we develop a mathematical framework to analyse the effect of co-substrate cycling on metabolic flux. In the cases of a single reaction and linear pathways, we find that co-substrate cycling imposes an additional flux limit on a reaction, distinct from the limit imposed by the kinetics of the primary enzyme catalysing that reaction. Using analytical methods, we show that this additional limit is a function of the total pool size and turnover rate of the cycled co-substrate. Expanding from this insight and using simulations, we show that regulation of these two parameters can allow regulation of flux dynamics in branched and coupled pathways. To support these theoretical insights, we analysed existing flux measurements and enzyme levels from the central carbon metabolism and identified several reactions that could be limited by the dynamics of co-substrate cycling. We conclude that measuring and controlling co-substrate dynamics is crucial for understanding and engineering metabolic fluxes in cells.
The origin and differentiation of articular cartilage is largely unknown. In the early stages of development, NFATc1-expressing cells generated almost all articular chondrocytes but not chondrocytes in growth-plate primordium. NFATc1-expressing cells displayed prominent capacities for colony formation and multipotent differentiation. Transcriptome analyses revealed a set of characteristic genes in NFATc1-enriched articular cartilage progenitors. Strikingly, the expression of NFATc1 was diminished with articular chondrocyte differentiation, and suppressing NFATc1 suppresses chondrogenesis while overexpressing NFATc1 suppresses chondrogenesis. Mechanistically, NFATc1 negatively regulates the transcriptional activity of the Col2a1 gene. Thus, our results reveal that NFATc1 characterizes articular, but not growth-plate, cartilage progenitors during development and negatively determines articular chondrocyte differentiation at least partly through regulating COL2A1 gene transcription.
Photosystem II ( PSII ) is a bacterial photosystem that uses the energy from red light to split water and reduce quinone, an energy-demanding process based on chlorophyll a ( Chl-a ) photochemistry. Two types of cyanobacterial PSII can use chlorophyll d ( Chl-d ) and chlorophyll f ( Chl-f ) to perform the same reactions using lower energy, far-red light. PSII from Acaryochloris marina has Chl-d replacing all but one of its 35 Chl-a, while PSII from Chroococcidiopsis thermalis, a facultative far-red species, has just 4 Chl-f and 1 Chl-d and 30 Chl-a. From bioenergetic considerations, the far-red PSII were predicted to lose photochemical efficiency and/or resilience to photodamage. Here, we compare enzyme turnover efficiency, forward electron transfer, back-reactions and photodamage in Chl-f-PSII, Chl-d-PSII, and Chl-a-PSII. We show that: ( i ) all types of PSII have a comparable efficiency in enzyme turnover; ( ii ) the modified energy gaps on the acceptor side of Chl-d-PSII favour recombination via PD1+Phe- repopulation, leading to increased singlet oxygen production and greater sensitivity to high-light damage compared to Chl-a-PSII and Chl-f-PSII; ( iii ) the acceptor-side energy gaps
The skeletal system contains a series of sophisticated cellular lineages arising from the mesenchymal stem cells ( MSCs ) and hematopoietic stem cells ( HSCs ) that determine the homeostasis of bone and bone marrow. Here, we reasoned that osteocytes may exert a function in regulation of these lineage cell specifications and tissue homeostasis. Using a mouse model of conditional deletion of osteocytes by the expression of diphtheria toxin subunit  in dentin matrix protein 1 ( DMP1 ) -positive osteocytes, we demonstrated that partial ablation of DMP1-positive osteocytes caused severe sarcopenia, osteoporosis, and degenerative kyphosis, leading to shorter lifespan in these animals. Osteocytes reduction altered mesenchymal lineage commitment, resulting in impairment of osteogenesis and induction of osteoclastogensis. Single-cell RNA sequencing further revealed that hematopoietic lineage was mobilized toward myeloid lineage differentiation with expanded myeloid progenitors, neutrophils, and monocytes, while the lymphopoiesis was impaired with reduced B cells in the osteocyte ablation mice. Together, we showed that osteocytes play critical roles in regulation of lineage cell specifications in bone and bone marrow through mediation of senescence.
The evolution of organisms is a complex process that requires multiple mutations. The evolution of organisms is a complex process that requires multiple mutations. The evolution of organisms is a complex process that requires multiple mutations. The evolution of organisms is a complex process that requires multiple mutations. The evolution of organisms is a complex process that requires multiple mutations. The evolution of organisms is a complex process that requires multiple mutations. The evolution of organisms is a complex process that requires multiple mutations. The evolution of organisms is a complex process that requires multiple mutations. The evolution of organisms is a complex process that requires multiple mutations. The evolution of organisms is a complex process that requires multiple mutations. The evolution of organisms is a complex process that requires multiple mutations. The evolution of organisms is a complex process that requires multiple mutations. The evolution of organisms is a complex process that requires multiple mutations. The evolution of organisms is a complex process that requires multiple mutations. The evolution of organisms is a complex process that requires multiple mutations. The evolution of organisms is a complex process that requires multiple mutations. The evolution of organisms is a complex process that requires multiple mutations. The evolution of organisms is a complex process that requires multiple mutations. The evolution of organisms is a complex process that requires multiple mutations. The evolution of organisms is a complex process that requires multiple mutations. The evolution of organisms is a complex process that requires multiple mutations. The evolution of organisms is a complex process that requires multiple mutations. The evolution of organisms is a complex process that requires multiple mutations. The evolution of organisms is a
Cancer stem cells are a group of cells that divide and divide during the cell cycle. The cell cycle is regulated by a protein called prominin 1. Prominin 1 is a protein that is a key component of the cell cycle. Prominin 1 is a protein that is a key component of the cell cycle. Prominin 1 is a protein that is a key component of the cell cycle. Prominin 1 is a protein that is a key component of the cell cycle. Prominin 1 is a protein that is a key component of the cell cycle. Prominin 1 is a protein that is a key component of the cell cycle. Prominin 1 is a protein that is a key component of the cell cycle. Prominin 1 is a protein that is a key component of the cell cycle. Prominin 1 is a protein that is a key component of the cell cycle. Prominin 1 is a protein that is a key component of the cell cycle. Prominin 1 is a protein that is a key component of the cell cycle. Prominin 1 is a protein that is a key component of the cell cycle. Prominin 1 is a protein that is a key component of the cell cycle. Prominin 1 is a protein that is a key component of the cell cycle. Prominin 1 is a protein that is a key component of the cell cycle. Prominin 1 is a protein that is a key component of the cell cycle. Prominin 1 is a protein that is a key component of the cell cycle. Prominin 1 is a protein that is a key component of the cell cycle. Prominin
Ciliopathies are a major cause of blindness in the retina. The retina is a complex organ that contains many different organs, including the retina, and is a major source of light. The retina is a complex organ that contains many different organs, including the retina, and is a major source of light. The retina is a complex organ that contains many different organs, including the retina, and is a major source of light. The retina is a complex organ that contains many different organs, including the retina, and is a major source of light. To identify drug candidates to maintain photoreceptor survival, we performed a high-throughput screening of over 6000 bioactive small molecules using retinal organoids differentiated from induced pluripotent stem cells ( iPSC ) of rd16 mouse, which is a model of Leber congenital amaurosis ( LCA ) type 10 caused by mutations in the cilia-centrosomal gene CEP290. We identified five non-toxic positive hits, including the lead molecule reserpine, which maintained photoreceptor development and survival in rd16 organoids derived from induced pluripotent stem cells of LCA10 patients and in rd16 mouse retina in vivo. Reserpine also improved photoreceptors in retinal organoids derived from induced pluripotent stem cells of LCA10 patients and in rd16 mouse retina in vivo. Reserpine-treated patient organoids revealed modulation of signaling pathways related to cell survival/death, metabolism, and proteostasis. Further investigation revealed dysregulation of
The bee genome encodes enzymes that help in the metabolism of xenobiotics, which may exert a wide range of effects on their health. Although the bee genome encodes enzymes that help in the metabolism of xenobiotics, it has lower detoxification gene diversity than the genomes of other insects. Therefore, bees may rely on other components that shape their physiology, such as the microbiota, to degrade potentially toxic molecules. In this study, we show that amygdalin, a cyanogenic glycoside found in honey bee-pollinated almond trees, can be metabolized by both bees and members of the gut microbiota. In microbiota-deprived bees, amygdalin is degraded into prunasin, leading to prunasin accumulation in the midgut and hindgut. In microbiota-colonized bees, on the other hand, amygdalin is degraded even further, and prunasin does not accumulate in the gut, suggesting that the microbiota contribute to the full degradation of amygdalin into hydrogen cyanide. In this study, we found that bee gut bacteria can degrade amygdalin, a cyanogenic glycoside found in honey bee-pollinated almond trees. The degradation mechanism appears to vary since only some strains produce prunasin as an intermediate. Finally, we investigated the basis of degradation in Bifidobacterium wkB204, a strain that fully degrades amygdalin. We found over
Candida albicans is a bacterial pathogen that causes severe invasive candidiasis. Candida albicans is a virulence factor that damages target cell membranes. However, the mechanism that CL uses to permeabilize membranes is unclear. We reveal that CL readily assembled into polymers in solution. We propose that the basic structural unit in polymer formation is a CL oligomer, which is sequentially added into a string configuration that can close into a loop. CL loops appear to spontaneously insert into the membrane to become pores. A CL mutation ( G4W ) inhibited the formation of polymers in solution and prevented pore formation in synthetic lipid systems. Epithelial cell studies showed that G4W CL failed to activate the danger response pathway, a hallmark of the pathogenic effect of CL. These results indicate that CL polymerization in solution is a necessary step for the damage of cellular membranes, whereby pre-assembly of CL loops in solution leads to formation of membrane pores. Our investigation not only unravels a new paradigm for the formation of membrane pores, but additionally identifies CL polymerization as a novel therapeutic target to treat candidiasis.
The use of a pharmacological personalisation to a patient’s specific needs can improve the effectiveness of a treatment. However, it is unclear how much of this improvement is due to the pharmacological personalisation versus the non-specific effects of the contextual factors involved in the tailoring process, such as the therapeutic interaction. Here, we tested whether presenting a ( placebo ) analgesia machine as personalised would improve its effectiveness. We recruited 102 adults in two samples ( N1=17, N2=85 ) to receive painful heat stimulations on their forearm. During half of the stimulations, a machine purportedly delivered an electric current to reduce their pain. Participants were either told that the machine was personalised to their genetics and physiology, or that it was effective in reducing pain generally. Participants told that the machine was personalised reported more relief in pain intensity than the control group in both the feasibility study ( standardised =0. 50 [–1. 08, 0. 08] ) and the pre-registered double-blind confirmatory study ( =0. 20 [–0. 36, –0. 04] ). We found similar effects on pain unpleasantness, and several personality traits moderated the results. We present some of the first evidence that framing a sham treatment as personalised increases its effectiveness. Our findings could potentially improve the methodology of precision medicine research and inform practice.
The brain is a complex system of neurons that connect to each other. The brain is composed of two different types of neurons, called sister neurons. The neurons in the brain are called the axons and connect to each other by a series of axons called Notch. The neurons in the brain are called the NotchON and NotchOFF. The neurons in the brain are called the NotchON and NotchOFF. The neurons in the brain are called the NotchON and NotchOFF. The neurons in the brain are called the NotchON and NotchOFF. The neurons in the brain are called the NotchON and NotchOFF. The neurons in the brain are called the NotchON and NotchOFF. The neurons in the brain are called the NotchON and NotchOFF. The neurons in the brain are called the NotchON and NotchOFF. The neurons in the brain are called the NotchON and NotchOFF. The neurons in the brain are called the NotchON and NotchOFF. The neurons in the brain are called the NotchON and NotchOFF. The neurons in the brain are called the NotchON and NotchOFF. The neurons in the brain are called the NotchON and NotchOFF. The neurons in the brain are called the NotchON and NotchOFF. The neurons in the brain are called the NotchON and NotchOFF. The neurons in the brain are called the NotchON and NotchOFF. The neurons in the brain are called the NotchON and NotchOFF. The neurons in the brain are called the NotchON and NotchOFF. The neurons in the brain are called the NotchON and NotchOFF. The neurons in the brain are called the Notch
The brain is a complex network of neurons that consists of a network of neurons that are able to maintain a stable firing rate despite changing synaptic drive. The brain is also able to maintain a stable firing rate despite changing synaptic drive. However, the ability to maintain a stable firing rate despite changing synaptic drive is a complex process. The brain is able to maintain a stable firing rate despite changing synaptic drive. However, the ability to maintain a stable firing rate despite changing synaptic drive is a complex process. The brain is able to maintain a stable firing rate despite changing synaptic drive. However, the ability to maintain a stable firing rate despite changing synaptic drive is a complex process. The brain is able to maintain a stable firing rate despite changing synaptic drive. However, the ability to maintain a stable firing rate despite changing synaptic drive is a complex process. Here, we show that the PARbZIP family of transcription factors is involved in the regulation of cortical network homeostasis. In mice lacking all three of these factors, the cortical network response to prolonged activity withdrawal measured with calcium imaging is much stronger, while baseline activity is unchanged. Genetic analyses reveal that two of the factors, Hlf and Tef, are critical for constraining plasticity and for preventing life-threatening seizures. These data indicate that transcriptional activation is not only required for many forms of homeostasis but is also involved in restraint of the response to activity deprivation.
The tips of the developing respiratory buds are home to important progenitor cells, which are able to produce both airway and alveolar epithelium. Early in embryonic development ( prior to E13. 5 ), SOX9+progenitors are multipotent, generating both airway and alveolar epithelium, but are selective progenitors of alveolar epithelial cells later in development. Transcription factors, including Sox9, Etv5, Irx, Mycn, and Foxp1/2 interact in complex gene regulatory networks to control proliferation and differentiation of SOX9+progenitors. Molecular mechanisms by which these transcription factors and other signaling pathways control chromatin state to establish and maintain cell-type identity are not well-defined. Herein, we analyze paired gene expression ( RNA-Seq ) and chromatin accessibility ( ATAC-Seq ) data from SOX9+ epithelial progenitor cells ( EPCs ) during embryonic development in Mus musculus. Widespread changes in chromatin accessibility were observed between E11. 5 and E16. 5, particularly at distal cis-regulatory elements ( e. g. enhancers ). Gene regulatory network ( GRN ) inference identified a common SOX9+ progenitor GRN, implicating phosphoinositide 3-kinase ( PI3K ) signaling in the developmental regulation of SOX9+ progenitor cells. Consistent with this model, conditional ablation of PI3K signaling in the developing lung epithe
Multiple sclerosis ( MS ) is a disease that affects more than a million people. The disease is caused by a combination of a number of factors, including the underlying mechanisms. The brain is a complex system of neurons that store information, and it is important to understand how the brain works. The brain is a complex system of neurons that store information, and it is important to understand how the brain works. The brain is a complex system of neurons that store information, and it is important to understand how the brain works. The brain is a complex system of neurons that store information, and it is important to understand how the brain works. The brain is a complex system of neurons that store information, and it is important to understand how the brain works. The brain is a complex system of neurons that store information, and it is important to understand how the brain works. The brain is a complex system of neurons that store information, and it is important to understand how the brain works. The brain is a complex system of neurons that store information, and it is important to understand how the brain works. The brain is a complex system of neurons that store information, and it is important to understand how the brain works. The brain is a complex system of neurons that store information, and it is important to understand how the brain works. The brain is a complex system of neurons that store information, and it is important to understand how the brain works. The brain is a complex system of neurons that store information, and it is important to understand how the brain works. The brain is a complex system of neurons that store information, and it is important to understand how the brain works. The brain is a complex system of neurons that store information, and
The brain is a central nervous system that controls the nociception of animals. The peripheral nervous system is a key component of the nociception process, and it is largely conserved across the animal kingdom. However, it is unclear whether the brain-mediated modulation is also conserved in non-mammalian species. Here, we show that Drosophila has a descending inhibitory mechanism of nociception from the brain, mediated by the neuropeptide Drosulfakinin ( DSK ), a homolog of cholecystokinin ( CCK ), that plays an important role in the descending control of nociception in mammals. We found that mutants lacking dsk or its receptors are hypersensitive to noxious heat. Through a combination of genetic, behavioral, histological, and Ca2+ imaging analyses, we subsequently revealed neurons involved in DSK-mediated nociceptive regulation at a single-cell resolution and identified a DSKergic descending neuronal pathway that inhibits nociception. This study provides the first evidence for a descending modulatory mechanism of nociception from the brain in a non-mammalian species that is mediated by the evolutionarily conserved CCK system, raising the possibility that the descending inhibition is an ancient mechanism to regulate nociception.
Plants often generate secondary metabolites as defense mechanisms against parasites. Although some fungi may potentially overcome the barrier presented by antimicrobial compounds, only a limited number of examples and molecular mechanisms of resistance have been reported. Here, we found an Aglaia plant-parasitizing fungus that overcomes the toxicity of rocaglates, which are translation inhibitors synthesized by the plant, through an amino acid substitution in a eukaryotic translation initiation factor ( eIF ). De novo transcriptome assembly revealed that the fungus belongs to the Ophiocordyceps genus and that its eIF4A, a molecular target of rocaglates, harbors an amino acid substitution critical for rocaglate binding. Ribosome profiling harnessing a cucumber-infecting fungus, Colletotrichum orbiculare, demonstrated that the translational inhibitory effects of rocaglates were largely attenuated by the mutation found in the Aglaia parasite. The engineered C. orbiculare showed a survival advantage on cucumber plants with rocaglates. Our study exemplifies a plant–fungus tug-of-war centered on secondary metabolites produced by host plants.
Psychophysical methods are a cornerstone of psychology, cognitive science, and neuroscience where they have been used to quantify behavior and its neural correlates for a vast range of mental phenomena. Their power derives from the combination of controlled experiments and rigorous analysis through signal detection theory. Unfortunately, they require many tedious trials and preferably highly trained participants. A recently developed approach, continuous psychophysics, promises to transform the field by abandoning the rigid trial structure involving binary responses and replacing it with continuous behavioral adjustments to dynamic stimuli. However, what has precluded wide adoption of this approach is that current analysis methods do not account for the additional variability introduced by the motor component of the task and therefore recover perceptual thresholds that are larger compared to equivalent traditional psychophysical experiments. Here, we introduce a computational analysis framework for continuous psychophysics based on Bayesian inverse optimal control. We show via simulations and previously published data that this not only recovers the perceptual thresholds but also estimates subjects’ action variability, internal behavioral costs, and subjective beliefs about the experimental stimulus dynamics. Taken together, we provide further evidence for the importance of including acting uncertainties, subjective beliefs, and, crucially, the intrinsic costs of behavior, even in experiments seemingly only investigating perception.
The brain is a complex machine that processes information, and it is able to make decisions based on the information it gathers. However, it is not clear how this process is adapted to the changing contexts that occur during a single decision. We have previously derived a normative decision model in which evidence accumulation is adapted to fluctuations in the evidence-generating process that occur during a single decision. We show that this model is robust even when implemented imperfectly ( noisily ). We also show that decision models with adaptive thresholds outperform those with constant or urgency-gated thresholds in accounting for human response times on a task with time-varying evidence quality and average reward. These results further link normative and neural decision-making while expanding our view of both as dynamic, adaptive processes that update and use expectations to govern both deliberation and commitment.
The ecosystems of the world are undergoing a major transformation, and the ecosystems that are affected by this transformation are largely dominated by the fungi and insects that have been causing the loss of biodiversity. The ecosystems that are affected by this change are largely dominated by the fungi and insects that have been causing the loss of biodiversity. The ecosystems that are affected by this change are largely dominated by the fungi and insects that have been causing the loss of biodiversity. The ecosystems that are affected by this change are largely dominated by the fungi and insects that have been causing the loss of biodiversity. The ecosystems that are affected by this change are largely dominated by the fungi and insects that have been causing the loss of biodiversity. The ecosystems that are affected by this change are largely dominated by the fungi and insects that have been causing the loss of biodiversity. The ecosystems that are affected by this change are largely dominated by the fungi and insects that have been causing the loss of biodiversity. The ecosystems that are affected by this change are largely dominated by the fungi and insects that have been causing the loss of biodiversity. The ecosystems that are affected by this change are largely dominated by the fungi and insects that have been causing the loss of biodiversity. The ecosystems that are affected by this change are largely dominated by the fungi and insects that have been causing the loss of biodiversity. The ecosystems that are affected by this change are largely dominated by the fungi and insects that have been causing the loss of biodiversity. The ecosystems that are affected by this change are largely dominated by the fungi and insects that have been causing the loss of biodiversity 
The brain receives outdated sensory information, due to the time required for neural transmission and processing. In motion perception, the brain may overcome these fundamental delays by predictively encoding the position of moving objects using information from their past trajectories. In the present study, we evaluated this proposition using high temporal resolution electroencephalographic data. We tracked neural position representations of moving objects at different stages of visual processing, relative to the real-time position of the object. During early stimulus-evoked activity, position representations of moving objects were activated substantially earlier than the equivalent activity evoked by unpredictable flashes, aligning the earliest representations of moving objects with their real-time positions. These findings indicate that the predictability of straight trajectories enables full compensation for the neural delays accumulated early in stimulus processing, but that delays still accumulate across later stages of cortical processing.
The brain is a complex network of sensory channels, including speech and sight, that are able to store information about the world. The brain is a complex network of sensory channels, including vision and touch, that are able to store information about the world. The brain is able to derive knowledge from language inputs, in addition to nonlinguistic sensory channels such as vision and touch. The brain is able to derive knowledge from language inputs, in addition to nonlinguistic sensory channels such as vision and touch. The brain is able to derive knowledge from language inputs, in addition to nonlinguistic sensory channels such as vision and touch. How does the brain modulate the mechanism by which semantic knowledge is stored in the brain? We investigated this question using a unique human model with varying amounts and qualities of early language exposure: early deaf adults who were born to hearing parents and had reduced early exposure and delayed acquisition of any natural human language ( speech or sign ), with early deaf adults who acquired sign language from birth as the control group that matches on nonlinguistic sensory experiences. Neural responses in a semantic judgment task with 90 written words that were familiar to both groups were measured using fMRI. The deaf group with reduced early language exposure, compared with the deaf control group, showed reduced semantic sensitivity, in both multivariate pattern ( semantic structure encoding ) and univariate ( abstractness effect ) analyses, in the left dorsal anterior temporal lobe ( dATL ). These results provide positive, causal evidence that language experience drives the neural semantic representation in the dATL, highlighting the roles of language in forming human neural semantic structures beyond nonverbal sensory experiences.
Replay is a process that is largely based on the fidelity of the sequence of events in a memory sequence. Replay is a central mechanism that drives memory processing. While both rate and place representations are used by hippocampal place cells to encode behavioral episodes, replay has been largely defined by only the latter – based on the fidelity of sequential activity across neighboring place fields. Here, we show that dorsal CA1 place cells in rats can modulate their firing rate between replay events of two different contexts. This experience-dependent phenomenon mirrors the same pattern of rate modulation observed during behavior and can be used independently from place information within replay sequences to discriminate between contexts. Our results reveal the existence of two complementary neural representations available for memory processing.
The mitochondrial homeostasis of the mitochondrial membrane is a major cause of mitochondrial diseases and male infertility. The underlying mechanisms linking these conditions remain elusive. In this study, we demonstrate that mice deficient for the mitochondrial intra-membrane rhomboid protease PARL, a recently reported model of the mitochondrial encephalopathy Leigh syndrome, develop early testicular atrophy caused by a complete arrest of spermatogenesis during meiotic prophase I, followed by degeneration and death of arrested spermatocytes. This process is independent of neurodegeneration. Interestingly, genetic modifications of PINK1, PGAM5, and TTC19 – three major substrates of PARL with important roles in mitochondrial homeostasis – fail to reproduce or modify this severe phenotype, indicating that the spermatogenic arrest arises from distinct molecular pathways. We further observed severe abnormalities in mitochondrial ultrastructure in PARL-deficient spermatocytes, along with prominent electron transfer chain defects, disrupted coenzyme Q ( CoQ ) biosynthesis, and metabolic rewiring. These mitochondrial defects are associated with a germ cell-specific decrease in GPX4 expression leading arrested spermatocytes to ferroptosis – a regulated cell death modality characterized by uncontrolled lipid peroxidation. Our findings shed new light on the potential role of ferroptosis in the pathogenesis of mitochondrial diseases and male infertility warranting further investigation.
The liver is a major organ in the body, and it is important to maintain a healthy body. The liver is a major organ in the body, and it is important to maintain a healthy body. The liver is a major organ in the body, and it is important to maintain a healthy body. The liver is a major organ in the body, and it is important to maintain a healthy body. The liver is a major organ in the body, and it is important to maintain a healthy body. The liver is a major organ in the body, and it is important to maintain a healthy body. However, it is not clear how the liver is able to maintain a healthy body. The liver is a major organ in the body, and it is important to maintain a healthy body. The liver is a major organ in the body, and it is important to maintain a healthy body. The liver is a major organ in the body, and it is important to maintain a healthy body. However, it is not clear how the liver is able to maintain a healthy body. The liver is a major organ in the body, and it is important to maintain a healthy body. The liver is a major organ in the body, and it is important to maintain a healthy body. However, it is not clear how the liver is able to maintain a healthy body. The liver is a major organ in the body, and it is important to maintain a healthy body. The liver is a major organ in the body, and it is important to maintain a healthy body. However, it is not clear how the liver is able to maintain a healthy body. The liver is
Neurophysiology is a complex field that requires integration of data across diverse species and species. Understanding the brain requires integration of data across this diversity, and thus these data must be findable, accessible, interoperable, and reusable ( FAIR ). This requires a standard language for data and metadata that can coevolve with neuroscience. We describe design and implementation principles for a language for neurophysiology data. Our open-source software ( Neurodata Without Borders, NWB ) defines and modularizes the interdependent, yet separable, components of a data language. We demonstrate NWB’s impact through unified description of neurophysiology data across diverse modalities and species. NWB exists in an ecosystem, which includes data management, analysis, visualization, and archive tools. Thus, the NWB data language enables reproduction, interchange, and reuse of diverse neurophysiology data. More broadly, the design principles of NWB are generally applicable to enhance discovery across biology through data FAIRness.
Influenza A virus ( IAV ) is a viral infection that causes the symptoms of the flu, including fever, loss of appetite, and excessive sleepiness. The immune system is a central regulator of the homeostatic response during a viral challenge. The hypothalamus is a central regulator of the homeostatic response during a viral challenge. To gain insight into the neuronal and non-neuronal molecular changes during an IAV infection, we intranasally infected mice with an H1N1 virus and extracted the brain at different time points. Using single-nucleus RNA sequencing ( snRNA-seq ) of the hypothalamus, we identify transcriptional effects in all identified cell populations. The snRNA-seq data showed the most pronounced transcriptional response at 3 days past infection, with a strong downregulation of genes across all cell types. General immune processes were mainly impacted in microglia, the brain resident immune cells, where we found increased numbers of cells expressing pro-inflammatory gene networks. In addition, we found that most neuronal cell populations downregulated genes contributing to the energy homeostasis in mitochondria and protein translation in the cytosol, indicating potential reduced cellular and neuronal activity. This might be a preventive mechanism in neuronal cells to avoid intracellular viral replication and attack by phagocytosing cells. The change of microglia gene activity suggests that this is complemented by a shift in microglia activity to provide increased surveillance of their surroundings.
Apicobasal cell polarity loss is a founding event in epithelial–mesenchymal transition and epithelial tumorigenesis, yet how pathological polarity loss links to plasticity remains largely unknown. To understand the mechanisms and mediators regulating plasticity upon polarity loss, we performed single-cell RNA sequencing of Drosophila ovaries, where inducing polarity-gene l ( 2 ) gl-knockdown ( Lgl-KD ) causes invasive multilayering of the follicular epithelia. Analyzing the integrated Lgl-KD and wildtype transcriptomes, we discovered the cells specific to the various discernible phenotypes and characterized the underlying gene expression. A genetic requirement of Keap1-Nrf2 signaling in promoting multilayer formation of Lgl-KD cells was further identified. Ectopic expression of Keap1 increased the volume of delaminated follicle cells that showed enhanced invasive behavior with significant changes to the cytoskeleton. Overall, our findings describe the comprehensive transcriptome of cells within the follicular cell tumor model at the single-cell resolution and identify a previously unappreciated link between Keap1-Nrf2 signaling and cell plasticity at early tumorigenesis.
The human brain is a complex network of neurons that work together to learn about the environment. The brain is a complex network of neurons that work together to learn about the environment. The brain is a complex network of neurons that work together to learn about the environment. The brain is a complex network of neurons that work together to learn about the environment. The brain is a complex network of neurons that work together to learn about the environment. The brain is a complex network of neurons that work together to learn about the environment. The brain is a complex network of neurons that work together to learn about the environment. The brain is a complex network of neurons that work together to learn about the environment. The brain is a complex network of neurons that work together to learn about the environment. The brain is a complex network of neurons that work together to learn about the environment. The brain is a complex network of neurons that work together to learn about the environment. The brain is a complex network of neurons that work together to learn about the environment. The brain is a complex network of neurons that work together to learn about the environment. The brain is a complex network of neurons that work together to learn about the environment. The brain is a complex network of neurons that work together to learn about the environment. The brain is a complex network of neurons that work together to learn about the environment. The brain is a complex network of neurons that work together to learn about the environment. The brain is a complex network of neurons that work together to learn about the environment. The brain is a complex network of neurons that work together to learn about the environment. The brain is a complex network of neurons that work together to learn about the environment. The brain is a complex network of neurons that work together to learn about the environment 
Synaptic communication relies on the fusion of synaptic vesicles with the plasma membrane, which leads to neurotransmitter release. This exocytosis is triggered by brief and local elevations of intracellular Ca2+ with remarkably high sensitivity. How this is molecularly achieved is unknown. While synaptotagmins confer the Ca2+ sensitivity of neurotransmitter exocytosis, biochemical measurements reported Ca2+ affinities too low to account for synaptic function. However, synaptotagmin’s Ca2+ affinity increases upon binding the plasma membrane phospholipid PI ( 4, 5 ) P2 and, vice versa, Ca2+ binding increases synaptotagmin’s PI ( 4, 5 ) P2 affinity, indicating a stabilization of the Ca2+/PI ( 4, 5 ) P2 dual-bound state. Here, we devise a molecular exocytosis model based on this positive allosteric stabilization and the assumptions that ( 1. ) synaptotagmin Ca2+/PI ( 4, 5 ) P2 dual binding lowers the energy barrier for vesicle fusion by 5 kBT and that ( 2. ) the effect of multiple synaptotagmins on the energy barrier is additive. Our results indicate that each synaptotagmin engaging in Ca2+/PI ( 4, 5 ) P2 dual-binding lowers the energy barrier for vesicle fusion by 5 kBT and that allosteric stabilization of this state enables the synchronized engagement of several ( typically three )
Sauropterygia was a taxonomically and ecomorphologically diverse clade of Mesozoic marine reptiles spanning the Early Triassic to the Late Cretaceous. Sauropterygians are traditionally divided into two groups representing two markedly different body plans – the short-necked, durophagous Placodontia and the long-necked Eosauropterygia – whereas Saurosphargidae, a small clade of armoured marine reptiles, is generally considered as the sauropterygian sister-group. However, the early evolutionary history of sauropterygians and their phylogenetic relationships with other groups within Diapsida are still incompletely understood. Here, we report a new sauropterygian from the Early Triassic ( Olenekian ) of South China – Prosaurosphargis yingzishanensis gen. et sp. nov. – representing the earliest known occurrence of the clade. An updated phylogenetic analysis focussing on the interrelationships among diapsid reptiles recovers saurosphargids as nested within sauropterygians, forming a clade with eosauropterygians to the exclusion of placodonts. Furthermore, a clade comprising Eusaurosphargis and Palatodonta is recovered as the sauropterygian sister-group within Sauropterygomorpha tax. Finally, our phylogen
Smoking-associated DNA methylation levels identified through epigenome-wide association studies ( EWASs ) are generally ascribed to smoking-reactive mechanisms, but the contribution of a shared genetic predisposition to smoking and DNA methylation levels is typically not accounted for. We exploited a strong within-family design, that is, the discordant monozygotic twin design, to study reactiveness of DNA methylation in blood cells to smoking and reversibility of methylation patterns upon quitting smoking. We found that 13 differentially methylated CpGs were found between current smoking twins and their genetically identical co-twin who never smoked. Top sites include multiple CpGs in CACNA1D and GNG12, which encode subunits of a calcium voltage-gated channel and G protein, respectively. These proteins interact with the nicotinic acetylcholine receptor, suggesting that methylation levels at these CpGs might be reactive to nicotine exposure. All 13 CpGs have been previously associated with smoking in unrelated individuals and data from monozygotic pairs discordant for former smoking indicated that methylation patterns are to a large extent reversible upon smoking cessation. We further showed that differences in smoking level exposure for monozygotic twins who are both current smokers but differ in the number of cigarettes they smoke are reflected in their DNA methylation profiles. In conclusion, by analysing data from monozygotic twins, we robustly demonstrate that DNA methylation level in human blood cells is reactive to cigarette smoking.
The retina is a complex organ that consists of a small group of cells called retinas. The retina is a complex organ that is able to detect light and detect objects. The retina is a complex organ that is able to detect light and detect objects. The retina is a complex organ that is able to detect light and detect objects. The retina is a complex organ that is able to detect light and detect objects. The retina is a complex organ that is able to detect light and detect objects. The retina is a complex organ that is able to detect light and detect objects. The retina is a complex organ that is able to detect light and detect objects. The retina is a complex organ that is able to detect light and detect objects. The retina is a complex organ that is able to detect light and detect objects. The retina is a complex organ that is able to detect light and detect objects. The retina is a complex organ that is able to detect light and detect objects. The retina is a complex organ that is able to detect light and detect objects. The retina is a complex organ that is able to detect light and detect objects. The retina is a complex organ that is able to detect light and detect objects. The retina is a complex organ that is able to detect light and detect objects. The retina is a complex organ that is able to detect light and detect objects. The retina is a complex organ that is able to detect light and detect objects. The retina is a complex organ that is able to detect light and detect objects. The retina is a complex organ that is able to detect light and detect objects. The retina is a complex organ that is able to detect light and detect
Cells are a key part of the cell cycle, and they are often able to detect liquid–liquid phase separation ( LLPS ) in vivo. Using a technique called fixation, cells can be able to detect LLPS in vivo. However, the ability to detect LLPS in vivo is not fully understood. Here, we compared images of cells expressing intrinsically disordered proteins that are able to undergo LLPS. We found that fixation can both enhance and diminish putative LLPS behaviors. For specific proteins, fixation can even cause their droplet-like puncta to artificially appear in cells that do not have any detectable puncta in the live condition. Fixing cells in the presence of glycine, a molecule that modulates fixation rates, can reverse the fixation effect from enhancing to diminishing LLPS appearance. We further established a kinetic model of fixation in the context of dynamic protein–protein interactions. Simulations based on the model suggest that protein localization in fixed cells depends on an intricate balance of protein–protein interaction dynamics, the overall rate of fixation, and notably, the difference between fixation rates of different proteins. Consistent with simulations, live-cell single-molecule imaging experiments showed that a fast overall rate of fixation relative to protein–protein interaction dynamics can minimize fixation artifacts. Our work reveals that PFA fixation changes the appearance of LLPS from living cells, presents a caveat in studying LLPS using fixation-based methods, and suggests a mechanism underlying the fixation artifact.
Uropathogenic Escherichia coli ( UPEC ) proliferate within superficial bladder umbrella cells to form intracellular bacterial communities ( IBCs ) during early stages of urinary tract infections. However, the dynamic responses of IBCs to host stresses and antibiotic therapy are difficult to assess in situ. We develop a human bladder-chip model wherein umbrella cells and bladder microvascular endothelial cells are co-cultured under flow in urine and nutritive media respectively, and bladder filling and voiding mimicked mechanically by application and release of linear strain. Using time-lapse microscopy, we show that rapid recruitment of neutrophils from the vascular channel to sites of infection leads to swarm and neutrophil extracellular trap formation but does not prevent IBC formation. Subsequently, we tracked bacterial growth dynamics in individual IBCs through two cycles of antibiotic administration interspersed with recovery periods which revealed that the elimination of bacteria within IBCs by the antibiotic was delayed, and in some instances, did not occur at all. During the recovery period, rapid proliferation in a significant fraction of IBCs reseeded new foci of infection through bacterial shedding and host cell exfoliation. These insights reinforce a dynamic role for IBCs as harbors of bacterial persistence, with significant consequences for non-compliance with antibiotic regimens.
Ammonium ( NH4+ ) is essential for the production of the nitrogenous building blocks of life. Ammonium is a key molecule of nitrogen, and it is a key molecule of nitrogen. Ammonium is a key molecule of nitrogen, and it is a key molecule of nitrogen. Ammonium is a key molecule of nitrogen, and it is a key molecule of nitrogen. Ammonium is a key molecule of nitrogen, and it is essential to the production of the nitrogenous building blocks of life. Ammonium is a key molecule of nitrogen, and it is essential to the production of the nitrogenous building blocks of life. Ammonium is a key molecule of nitrogen, and it is essential to the production of the nitrogenous building blocks of life. Ammonium is a key molecule of nitrogen, and it is essential to the production of the nitrogenous building blocks of life. Ammonium is a key molecule of nitrogen, and it is essential to the production of the nitrogenous building blocks of life. Ammonium is a key molecule of nitrogen, and it is essential to the production of the nitrogenous building blocks of life. Ammonium is a key molecule of nitrogen, and it is essential to the production of the nitrogenous building blocks of life. To study the flexibility of the cellular amination network, we constructed an Escherichia coli glutamate auxotrophic strain. This strain allowed us to systematically study which amino acids serve as amine sources. We found that several amino acids complemented the auxotrophy either by producing glutamate via transamination reactions or by their conversion to glutamate. In this network 
Coral reefs are a major source of food for corals and other marine organisms. They are a key source of food for the corals that live in the ocean. The corals that live in the ocean are a key source of food for the corals that live in the ocean. The corals that live in the ocean are a key source of food for the corals that live in the ocean. The corals that live in the ocean are a key source of food for the corals that live in the ocean. The corals that live in the ocean are a key source of food for the corals that live in the ocean. The corals that live in the ocean are a key source of food for the corals that live in the ocean. The corals that live in the ocean are a key source of food for the corals that live in the ocean. The corals that live in the ocean are a key source of food for the corals that live in the ocean. The corals that live in the ocean are a key source of food for the corals that live in the ocean. The corals that live in the ocean are a key source of food for the corals that live in the ocean. The corals that live in the ocean are a key source of food for the corals that live in the ocean. The corals that live in the ocean are a key source of food for the corals that live in the ocean. The corals that live in the ocean are a key source of food for the corals that live in the ocean. The corals that live in the ocean are a key source of food for the corals that live in the ocean. The corals that live in the ocean are a key source of food for the corals that live in
Nephronophthisis ( NPHP ) is a ciliopathy characterized by renal fibrosis and cyst formation, and accounts for a significant portion of end stage renal disease in children and young adults. Currently, no targeted therapy is available for this disease. In mouse, global knockout of Invs leads to renal fibrosis and cysts, but the precise contribution of different cell types and the relationship between epithelial cysts and interstitial fibrosis remains undefined. Here, we generated and characterized cell-type-specific knockout mouse models of Invs, investigated the impact of removing cilia genetically on phenotype severity in Invs mutants and evaluated the impact of the histone deacetylase inhibitor valproic acid ( VPA ) on Invs mutants. Epithelial-specific knockout of Invs in Invsflox/flox;Cdh16-Cre mutant mice resulted in renal cyst formation and severe stromal fibrosis, while Invsflox/flox;Foxd1-Cre mice, where Invs is deleted in stromal cells, displayed no observable phenotypes up to the young adult stage, highlighting a significant role of epithelial-stromal crosstalk. Furthermore, concomitant removal of cilia partially suppressed the phenotypes of the Invsflox/flox;Cdh16-Cre mutant kidney, supporting a significant interaction of cilia and Invs function in vivo. Finally, VPA reduced cyst burden, decreased cell proliferation and ameliorated kidney function decline in
The extinct Steller’s sea cow ( Hydrodamalis gigas ) was a whale-sized marine mammal that manifested profound morphological specializations to exploit the harsh coastal climate of the North Pacific. Yet despite first-hand accounts of their biology, little is known regarding the physiological adjustments underlying their evolution to this environment. Here, we show that the adult-expressed hemoglobin ( Hb ) of this sirenian is shown to harbor a fixed amino acid replacement at an otherwise invariant position ( /82LysAsn ) that alters multiple aspects of Hb function. First, our functional characterization of recombinant sirenian Hb proteins demonstrates that the Hb-O2 affinity of this sub-Arctic species was less affected by temperature than those of living ( sub ) tropical sea cows. This phenotype presumably safeguarded O2 delivery to cool peripheral tissues and largely arises from a reduced intrinsic temperature sensitivity of the H. gigas protein. Additional experiments on H. gigas mutant Hb further reveal this exchange renders Steller’s sea cow Hb unresponsive to the potent intraerythrocytic allosteric effector 2, 3-diphosphoglycerate, a radical modification that is the first documented example of this phenotype among mammals. Notably, /82LysAsn further underlies the secondary evolution of a reduced blood-O2 affinity phenotype that would have promoted heightened tissue and maternal/fetal O2 delivery. This conclusion is bolstered by analyses of two Steller’s sea cow prenatal Hb proteins ( Hb
Cells in the body are able to grow and develop, and they can also be used to produce new cells. The ability to grow and develop new cells is a key factor in the development of new cells. In the fungus Drosophila, the cells that grow and develop are called cells that are able to grow and develop. The cells that grow and develop are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that are called cells that
Multiciliated cells ( MCCs ) are terminally differentiated epithelia that assemble multiple motile cilia used to promote fluid flow. To template these cilia, MCCs dramatically expand their centriole content during a process known as centriole amplification. In cycling cells, the master regulator of centriole assembly Polo-like kinase 4 ( PLK4 ) is essential for centriole duplication. However, recent work has questioned the role of PLK4 in centriole assembly in MCCs. To address this discrepancy, we created genetically engineered mouse models and demonstrated that both PLK4 protein and kinase activity are critical for centriole amplification in MCCs. Tracheal epithelial cells that fail centriole amplification accumulate large assemblies of centriole proteins and do not undergo apical surface expansion. These results show that the initial stages of centriole assembly are conserved between cycling cells and MCCs and suggest that centriole amplification and surface expansion are coordinated events.
The human endometrium is a complex organ that is a source of a wide range of diseases, including fibrotic and endometriosis. The human endometrium is a complex organ that is a source of a wide range of diseases, including fibrotic and endometriosis. The human endometrium is a complex organ that is a source of a wide range of diseases, including fibrotic and endometriosis. The human endometrium is a complex organ that is a source of a wide range of diseases, including fibrotic and endometriosis. The human endometrium is a complex organ that is a source of a wide range of diseases, including fibrotic and endometriosis. In this study, we used a mouse model of endometrial repair and three transgenic lines of mice to investigate whether epithelial cells that become incorporated into the newly formed luminal epithelium have their origins in one or more of the mesenchymal cells present in the stromal compartment of the endometrium. Using scRNAseq, we identified a novel population of PDGFRb + mesenchymal stromal cells that developed a unique transcriptomic signature in response to endometrial breakdown/repair. These cells expressed genes usually considered specific to epithelial cells and in silico trajectory analysis suggested they were stromal fibroblasts in transition to becoming epithelial cells. To confirm our hypothesis we used a lineage tracing strategy to compare the fate of stromal fibroblasts ( PDGFRa+ ) and 
Burkholderia thailandensis is a species of fungus that is a major contributor to the global health problem. It is a fungus that is a major contributor to the global health problem. It is a fungus that is a major contributor to the global health problem. However, it is not clear how this fungus is able to adapt to changing environmental conditions. The fungus is a major contributor to the global health problem. The fungus is a major contributor to the global health problem. The fungus is a major contributor to the global health problem. However, it is not clear how this fungus is able to adapt to changing environmental conditions. The fungus is a major contributor to the global health problem. The fungus is a major contributor to the global health problem. The fungus is a major contributor to the global health problem. The fungus is a major contributor to the global health problem. The fungus is a major contributor to the global health problem. The fungus is a major contributor to the global health problem. The fungus is a major contributor to the global health problem. The fungus is a major contributor to the global health problem. The fungus is a major contributor to the global health problem. The fungus is a major contributor to the global health problem. The fungus is a major contributor to the global health problem. The fungus is a major contributor to the global health problem. The fungus is a major contributor to the global health problem. The fungus is a major contributor to the global health problem. The fungus is a
The rate and accuracy of translation depends on multiple components – including transfer RNA ( tRNA ) pools, tRNA modifying enzymes, and rRNA molecules – many of which are redundant in terms of gene copy number or function. It has been hypothesized that the redundancy evolves under selection, driven by its impacts on growth rate. However, we lack empirical measurements of the fitness costs and benefits of redundancy, and we have poor a understanding of how this redundancy is organized across components. We manipulated redundancy in multiple translation components of Escherichia coli by deleting 28 tRNA genes, 3 tRNA modifying systems, and 4 rRNA operons in various combinations. We find that redundancy in tRNA pools is beneficial when nutrients are plentiful and costly under nutrient limitation. This nutrient-dependent cost of redundant tRNA genes stems from upper limits to translation capacity and growth rate, and therefore varies as a function of the maximum growth rate attainable in a given nutrient niche. The loss of redundancy in rRNA genes and tRNA modifying enzymes had similar nutrient-dependent fitness consequences. Overall, our results indicate both positive and negative selection on redundancy in translation components, depending on a species’ evolutionary history with feasts and famines.
The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in a step change in the scale of sequencing data, with more genomes of SARS-CoV-2 having been sequenced than any other organism on earth. These sequences reveal key insights when represented as a phylogenetic tree, which captures the evolutionary history of the virus, and allows the identification of transmission events and the emergence of new variants. However, existing web-based tools for exploring phylogenies do not scale to the size of datasets available for SARS-CoV-2. We have developed Taxonium, a new tool that uses WebGL to allow the exploration of trees with tens of millions of nodes in the browser for the first time. Taxonium links each node to associated metadata and supports mutation-annotated trees, which are able to capture all known genetic variation in a dataset. Taxonium can either be run entirely locally in the browser, from a server-based backend, or as a desktop application. Taxonium can either be run entirely locally in the browser, from a server-based backend, or as a desktop application. Taxonium can be applied to any tree, and is available at taxonium. org, with source code at github. com/theosanderson/taxonium. org. Taxonium can be applied to any tree, and is available at taxonium. org, with source code at github. com/theosanderson/taxonium_web_client. Taxonium can be applied to any tree, and is available at taxonium. org, with source code at
Cells are a major source of information for the development of new diseases. RNA molecules are regulated by RNA binding proteins ( RBPs ), which are a group of proteins that regulate the localization of RNA molecules to specific subcellular regions. RNA molecules are regulated by RNA regulatory elements and RNA binding proteins ( RBPs ), which are a group of proteins that regulate the localization of RNA molecules. RNA molecules are regulated by RNA binding proteins ( RBPs ), which are a group of proteins that regulate the localization of RNA molecules. RNA molecules are regulated by RNA binding proteins ( RBPs ), which are a group of proteins that regulate the localization of RNA molecules. RNA molecules are regulated by RNA binding proteins ( RBPs ), which are a group of proteins that regulate the localization of RNA molecules. RNA molecules are regulated by RNA binding proteins ( RBPs ), which are a group of proteins that regulate the localization of RNA molecules. RNA molecules are regulated by RNA binding proteins ( RBPs ), which are a group of proteins that regulate the localization of RNA molecules. RNA molecules are regulated by RNA binding proteins ( RBPs ), which are a group of proteins that regulate the localization of RNA molecules. RNA molecules are regulated by RNA binding proteins ( RBPs ), which are a group of proteins that regulate the localization of RNA molecules. RNA molecules are regulated by RNA binding proteins ( RBPs ), which are a group of proteins that regulate the localization of RNA molecules. RNA
The aging process is often associated with loss of cell type identity, which results in an increase in transcriptional noise. However, the computational methods used for quantifying age-related loss of cellular identity have prevented reaching meaningful conclusions by direct comparison of existing scRNAseq datasets. To address these issues, we developed Decibel, a Python toolkit that implements side-to-side four commonly used methods for the quantification of age-related loss of cellular identity. Additionally, we developed Scallop, a novel computational method for the quantification of membership of single cells to their assigned cell type cluster. Cells with a greater Scallop membership score are transcriptionally more stable. In contrast, age-associated changes in cell type composition of the mammalian lung were consistently found, particularly of immune cells. These results suggest that claims of increased transcriptional noise of aged tissues should be reformulated.
Cancer is a cancer that affects more than 80% of the world’s population. It is a disease that affects more than 80% of the world’s population. The tumours that develop in the breast are often referred to as triple-negative breast cancer. However, the tumours that develop in the breast are often referred to as triple-negative breast cancer. The tumours that develop in triple-negative breast cancer are often referred to as triple-negative breast cancer. The tumours that develop in triple-negative breast cancer are often referred to as triple-negative breast cancer. The tumours that develop in triple-negative breast cancer are often referred to as triple-negative breast cancer. The tumours that develop in triple-negative breast cancer are often referred to as triple-negative breast cancer. The tumours that develop in triple-negative breast cancer are often referred to as triple-negative breast cancer. The tumours that develop in triple-negative breast cancer are often referred to as triple-negative breast cancer. The tumours that develop in triple-negative breast cancer are often referred to as triple-negative breast cancer. The tumours that develop in triple-negative breast cancer are often referred to as triple-negative breast cancer. The tumours that develop in triple-negative breast cancer are often referred to as triple-negative breast cancer. The tumours that develop in triple-negative breast cancer are often referred to as triple-negative breast cancer. The tumours that develop in triple-negative breast cancer are often referred to as triple-negative breast cancer. The tumours that develop in triple-negative breast cancer are often referred to as triple-negative breast cancer. The tumours that develop in triple-negative breast cancer are often referred to as triple-negative breast cancer. The tumour
The testis-determining factor DMRT1 is a key factor in several species of vertebrates, but its role in mammalian testes differentiation remains ambiguous. So far, DMRT1 loss-of-function has been described in two mammalian species and induces different phenotypes: Disorders of Sex Development ( 46, XY DSD ) in men and male infertility in mice. We thus abolished DMRT1 expression by CRISPR/Cas9 in a third species of mammal, the rabbit. First, we observed that gonads from XY DMRT1/ rabbit fetuses differentiated like ovaries, highlighting that DMRT1 is involved in testis determination. In addition to SRY, DMRT1 is required in the supporting cells to increase the expression of the SOX9 gene, which heads the testicular genetic cascade. Second, we highlighted another function of DMRT1 in the germline since XX and XY DMRT1/ ovaries did not undergo meiosis and folliculogenesis. XX DMRT1/ adult females were sterile, showing that DMRT1 is also crucial for female fertility. To conclude, these phenotypes indicate an evolutionary continuum between non-mammalian vertebrates such as birds and non-rodent mammals. Furthermore, our data support the potential involvement of DMRT1 mutations in different human pathologies, such as 46, XY DSD as well as male and female infertility.
Obesity induced by high-fat diet ( HFD ) is a multi-factorial disease. The metabolic disease is characterized by a high-fat diet, which causes obesity. The metabolic disease is characterized by a high-fat diet, which causes obesity. The metabolic disease is characterized by a high-fat diet, which causes obesity. The metabolic disease is characterized by a high-fat diet, which causes obesity. The metabolic disease is characterized by a high-fat diet, which causes obesity. The metabolic disease is characterized by a high-fat diet, which causes obesity. The metabolic disease is characterized by a high-fat diet, which causes obesity. The metabolic disease is characterized by a high-fat diet, which causes obesity. The metabolic disease is characterized by a high-fat diet, which causes obesity. The metabolic disease is characterized by a high-fat diet, which causes obesity. The metabolic disease is characterized by a high-fat diet, which causes obesity. The metabolic disease is characterized by a high-fat diet, which causes obesity. The metabolic disease is characterized by a high-fat diet, which causes obesity. The metabolic disease is characterized by a high-fat diet, which causes obesity. The metabolic disease is characterized by a high-fat diet, which causes obesity. The metabolic disease is characterized by a high-fat diet, which causes obesity. The metabolic disease is characterized by a high-fat diet, which causes obesity. The metabolic disease is characterized by a high-fat diet, which causes obesity. The metabolic disease is characterized by a high-fat diet
The germ layers of the embryo are patterned by secreted Nodal signals. The zebrafish embryo is a complex of Activin receptors ( Acvr ) and co-receptor Tdgf1. However, it is currently unclear whether receptor binding can also affect the distribution of Nodals themselves through the embryo. Here, we characterize three Type I ( Acvr1 ) and four Type II ( Acvr2 ) homologs and show that – except for Acvr1c – all receptor-encoding transcripts are maternally deposited and present during zebrafish embryogenesis. We found that the Acvr2 homologs function partly redundantly and partially independently of Nodal to pattern the early zebrafish embryo, whereas the Type I receptors Acvr1b-a and Acvr1b-b redundantly act as major mediators of Nodal signaling. By combining quantitative analyses with expression manipulations, we found that feedback-regulated Type I receptors and co-receptors can directly influence the diffusion and distribution of Nodals, providing a mechanism for the spatial restriction of Nodal signaling during germ layer patterning.
The immune system is a complex system of cells that regulates the production of antiviral antibodies. The immune system is a complex system of cells that control the production of antiviral antibodies. The immune system is a complex system of cells that control the production of antiviral antibodies. The immune system is a complex system of cells that control the production of antiviral antibodies. The immune system is a complex system of cells that control the production of antiviral antibodies. The immune system is a complex system of cells that control the production of antiviral antibodies. The immune system is a complex system of cells that control the production of antiviral antibodies. The immune system is a complex system of cells that control the production of antiviral antibodies. The immune system is a complex system of cells that control the production of antiviral antibodies. The immune system is a complex system of cells that control the production of antiviral antibodies. The immune system is a complex system of cells that control the production of antiviral antibodies. The immune system is a complex system of cells that control the production of antiviral antibodies. The immune system is a complex system of cells that control the production of antiviral antibodies. The immune system is a complex system of cells that control the production of antiviral antibodies. The immune system is a complex system of cells that control the production of antiviral antibodies. The immune system is a complex system of cells that control the production of antiviral antibodies. The immune system is a complex system of cells that control the production of antiviral antibodies. The immune system is a complex system of cells that control the production of antiviral antibodies. The immune system is a complex system of cells that control the production of antiviral antibodies 
Microtubules ( MTs ) are built from -/-tubulin dimers and used as tracks by kinesin and dynein motors to transport a variety of cargos, such as mRNAs, proteins, and organelles, within the cell. Tubulins are subjected to several post-translational modifications ( PTMs ). Glutamylation is one of them, and it is responsible for adding one or more glutamic acid residues as branched peptide chains to the C-terminal tails of both - and -tubulin. However, very little is known about the specific modifications found on the different tubulin isotypes in vivo and the role of these PTMs in MT transport and other cellular processes in vivo. In this study, we found that in Drosophila ovaries, glutamylation of -tubulin isotypes occurred clearly on the C-terminal ends of Tub84B and Tub84D ( Tub84B/D ). In contrast, the ovarian -tubulin, Tub67C, is not glutamylated. The C-terminal ends of Tub84B/D are glutamylated at several glutamyl sidechains in various combinations. Drosophila TTLL5 is required for the mono- and poly-glutamylation of ovarian Tub84B/D and with this for the proper localization of glutamylated microtubules. Next
The development of multiple chromosome-scale reference genome sequences in many taxonomic groups has yielded a high-resolution view of the patterns and processes of molecular evolution. However, leveraging information across multiple genomes remains a significant challenge in nearly all eukaryotic systems. These challenges range from studying the evolution of chromosome structure, to finding candidate genes for quantitative trait loci, to testing hypotheses about speciation and adaptation. Here, we present GENESPACE, which addresses these challenges by integrating conserved gene order and orthology to define the expected physical position of all genes across multiple genomes. We demonstrate this utility by dissecting presence–absence, copy-number, and structural variation at three levels of biological organization: spanning 300 million years of vertebrate sex chromosome evolution, across the diversity of the Poaceae ( grass ) plant family, and among 26 maize cultivars. The methods to build and visualize syntenic orthology in the GENESPACE R package offer a significant addition to existing gene family and synteny programs, especially in polyploid, outbred, and other complex genomes.
Most bacteria exist and interact within polymicrobial communities. These interactions produce unique compounds, increase virulence and augment antibiotic resistance. One community associated with negative healthcare outcomes consists of Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Staphylococcus aureus. When co-cultured, virulence factors secreted by P. aeruginosa reduce metabolism and growth in S. aureus. When grown in vitro, this allows P. aeruginosa to drive S. aureus toward extinction. However, when found in vivo, both species can co-exist. Previous work has noted that this may be due to altered gene expression or mutations. However, little is known about how the growth environment could influence the co-existence of these bacterial species. Using a combination of mathematical modeling and experimentation, we show that changes to bacterial growth and metabolism caused by differences in the growth environment can determine the final population composition. We found that changing the carbon source in growth media affects the ratio of ATP to growth rate for both species, a metric we call absolute growth. We found that as a growth environment increases the absolute growth for one species, that species will increasingly dominate the co-culture. This is due to interactions between growth, metabolism, and metabolism-altering virulence factors produced by P. aeruginosa. Finally, we show that the relationship between absolute growth and the final population composition can be perturbed by altering the spatial structure in the community. Our results demonstrate that differences in growth environment can account for conflicting observations regarding the co-existence of these bacterial species in the literature, provides support for the intermediate disturbance
The quantity and complexity of data being generated and published in biology has increased substantially, but few methods exist for capturing knowledge about phenotypes derived from molecular interactions between diverse groups of species, in such a way that is amenable to data-driven biology and research. To improve access to this knowledge, we have constructed a framework for the curation of the scientific literature studying interspecies interactions, using data curated for the Pathogen–Host Interactions database ( PHI-base ) as a case study. The framework provides a curation tool, phenotype ontology, and controlled vocabularies to curate pathogen–host interaction data, at the level of the host, pathogen, strain, gene, and genotype. The concept of a multispecies genotype, the ‘metagenotype, ’ is introduced to facilitate capturing changes in the disease-causing abilities of pathogens, and host resistance or susceptibility observed by gene alterations. We report on this framework and describe PHI-Canto, a community curation tool for use by publication authors.
The genome of human cells is a complex and complex complex complex, requiring a wide range of genetic and biochemical changes. The genome of human cells is a complex and complex complex complex, requiring a wide range of genetic and biochemical changes. However, it remains difficult to predict precisely how any given sequence variation affects enhancer function, due to the complexity of DNA sequence motifs that determine transcription factor ( TF ) binding to enhancers in their native genomic context. Here, we identify thousands of enhancers with allele-specific TF binding and/or activity. We find that genetic variants located within the central region of enhancers are most likely to alter enhancer function. We observe that the AP-1 family of TFs ( Fos/Jun ) are frequently required for binding of TEAD TFs and for enhancer function. However, many sequence variants outside of core TF motifs and AP-1 half sites also impact enhancer function, including sequences flanking core TF motifs and AP-1 half sites. Taken together, these data represent one of the most comprehensive assessments of allele-specific TF binding and enhancer function to date and reveal how sequence changes at enhancers alter their function across evolutionary timescales.
The immune system is a complex system that consists of a network of cells that assembles into a complex. The immune system is composed of a number of proteins that are able to bind to the host’s cells. These proteins are called dynein, which is a protein that is able to bind to the host’s cells. The dynein complex is a complex of proteins that are able to bind to the host’s cells. The dynein complex is a key component of the immune system, and it is important to understand how dynein functions. The dynein complex is a key component of the immune system, and it is important to understand how dynein functions. However, it is not clear how dynein functions. To investigate this, Wang et al. used genetic signatures from a number of different viruses to identify a protein that is able to bind to the host’s cells. The results showed that dynein is a key component of the immune system, and that it is a target of viral antagonism. Wang et al. also found that dynein is a key component of the immune system, and that it is a target of viral antagonism. The results also show that dynein is a key component of the immune system, and that it is a key component of the immune system.
Actin isoforms are a key component of the cellular structure. They are essential for the normal function of eukaryotic cells. However, they are not always able to interact with myosin motors and actin-binding proteins. Therefore, identifying how the structure of actin isoforms relates to function is important for our understanding of normal cytoskeletal physiology. Here, we report the high-resolution structures of filamentous skeletal muscle -actin ( 3. 37  ), cardiac muscle -actin ( 3. 07  ), ß-actin ( 2. 99  ), and -actin ( 3. 38  ) in the Mg2+ADP state with their native post-translational modifications. Collectively, the structures of single-isotype, post-translationally modified bare skeletal muscle -actin, cardiac muscle -actin, ß-actin, and -actin reveal general principles, similarities, and differences between isoforms. Collectively, the structures of single-isotype, post-translationally modified bare skeletal muscle -actin, cardiac muscle -actin, ß-actin, and -actin reveal general principles, similarities, and differences between isoforms. Collectively, the structures of single-isotype, post-translationally modified bare skeletal muscle -actin, cardiac muscle -actin, ß-actin, and -actin reveal general principles,
Transgenic DNA libraries are a powerful tool for systematically exploring genetic function. However, the need for library transgenesis has effectively restricted these approaches to single-cell models. Here, we present Transgenic Arrays Resulting in Diversity of Integrated Sequences ( TARDIS ), a simple yet powerful approach to large-scale transgenesis that overcomes typical limitations encountered in multicellular systems. TARDIS splits the transgenesis process into a two-step process: creation of individuals carrying experimentally introduced sequence libraries, followed by inducible extraction and integration of individual sequences/library components from the larger library cassette into engineered genomic sites. Thus, transformation of a single individual, followed by lineage expansion and functional transgenesis, gives rise to thousands of genetically unique transgenic individuals. We demonstrate the utility of TARDIS using engineered, split selectable TARDIS sites in Caenorhabditis elegans. We find that this approach increases transformation yields up to approximately 1000-fold over current single-step methods. While we demonstrate the utility of TARDIS using C. elegans, in principle the process is adaptable to any system where experimentally generated genomic loci landing pads and diverse, heritable DNA elements can be generated.
The outer membrane proteins ( OMPs ) of bacteria are a key component of the cell membrane. They are a key component of the cell membrane, and they are a key part of the cell membrane. The OMPs are a key part of the cell membrane, and they are a key part of the cell membrane. The OMPs are a key part of the cell membrane, and they are a key part of the cell membrane. The OMPs are a key part of the cell membrane, and they are a key part of the cell membrane. The OMPs are a key part of the cell membrane, and they are a key part of the cell membrane. The OMPs are a key part of the cell membrane, and they are a key part of the cell membrane. The OMPs are a key part of the cell membrane, and they are a key part of the cell membrane. The OMPs are a key part of the cell membrane, and they are a key part of the cell membrane. The OMPs are a key part of the cell membrane, and they are a key part of the cell membrane. The OMPs are a key part of the cell membrane, and they are a key part of the cell membrane. The OMPs are a key part of the cell membrane, and they are a key part of the cell membrane. The OMPs are a key part of the cell membrane, and they are a key part of the cell membrane. The OMPs are a key part of the cell membrane, and they are a key part of the cell membrane. The OMPs are a key part of the cell membrane,
Dopamine ( DA ) is a neurotransmitter that is released from the midbrain. The axonal domain of these neurons is highly complex, with a large subset of non-synaptic release sites and a smaller subset of synaptic terminals from which in addition to DA, glutamate or GABA are also released. The molecular mechanisms regulating the connectivity of DA neurons and their neurochemical identity are unknown. Here, we tested the hypothesis that neurexins regulate DA neuron neurotransmission. Mice with conditional deletion of all neurexins in DA neurons ( DAT::NrxnsKO ) exhibited normal basic motor functions, but they showed an impaired locomotor response to the psychostimulant amphetamine. In line with an alteration in DA neurotransmission, decreased levels of the membrane DA transporter ( DAT ) and increased levels of the vesicular monoamine transporter ( VMAT2 ) were detected in the striatum of DAT::NrxnsKO mice, along with reduced activity-dependent DA release. Strikingly, electrophysiological recordings revealed an increase of GABA co-release from DA neuron axons in the striatum of these mice. Together, these findings suggest that neurexins act as regulators of the functional connectivity of DA neurons.
Mobile health ( mHealth ) interventions are being investigated throughout Africa. We estimate the percentage of individuals who own mobile phones in 33 African countries, identify a relationship between ownership and proximity to a health clinic ( HC ), and quantify inequities in ownership. We use nationally representative data collected in 2017–2018 from 44, 224 individuals in Round 7 of the Afrobarometer surveys. We use Bayesian multilevel logistic regression models for our analyses. We find 82% of individuals in 33 countries own mobile phones: 42% BPs and 40% SPs. Individuals who live close to an HC have higher odds of ownership than those who do not ( aOR: 1. 31, Bayesian 95% highest posterior density [HPD] region: 1. 24–1. 39 ). Men, compared with women, have over twice the odds of ownership ( aOR: 2. 66, 95% HPD region: 2. 22–3. 18 ). Urban residents, compared with rural residents, have almost three times the odds ( peaks in 26–40 year olds, then decreases ) and, amongst mobile phone owners, nearly three times the odds of owning an SP ( aOR: 2. 67, 95% HPD region: 2. 33–3. 10 ). Ownership increases with age, peaks in 26–40 year olds, then decreases. Individuals under 30 are more likely to own an SP than a BP, older individuals more likely to own a BP than an SP. Probability of ownership decreases with the Lived Poverty Index; however, some of the poorest
Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 ( SARS-CoV-2 ) antibody levels can be used to assess humoral immune responses following SARS-CoV-2 infection or vaccination, and may predict risk of future infection. Higher levels of SARS-CoV-2 anti-Spike antibodies are known to be associated with increased protection against future SARS-CoV-2 infection. However, variation in antibody levels and risk factors for lower antibody levels following each round of SARS-CoV-2 vaccination have not been explored across a wide range of socio-demographic, SARS-CoV-2 infection and vaccination, and health factors within population-based cohorts. We investigated associations between antibody levels following vaccination and: ( 1 ) SARS-CoV-2 infection following vaccination ( s ) ; ( 2 ) health, socio-demographic, SARS-CoV-2 infection, and SARS-CoV-2 vaccination variables. We found that individuals identified as at increased risk of COVID-19 complication through the UK ‘Shielded Patient List’ had consistently greater odds ( two-to-fourfold ) of having SARS-CoV-2 infection over the next 6–9 months ( OR = 2. 9, 95% CI: 1. 4, 6. 0 ), compared to the top 20%.
