Lung-resident ( LR ) mesenchymal stem and stromal cells ( MSCs ) are key elements of the alveolar niche and fundamental regulators of homeostasis and regeneration. We investigated the role of MSCs during virus-induced lung injury using the highly prevalent respiratory syncytial virus ( RSV ) which causes severe outcomes in infants. We applied complementary approaches with primary pediatric LR-MSCs and a state-of-the-art model of human RSV infection in lamb. Remarkably, RSV-infection of pediatric LR-MSCs led to a robust activation, characterized by a strong antiviral and pro-inflammatory phenotype combined with mediators related to T cell function. In line with this, RSV invades and activates LR-MSCs, resulting in the expansion of the pulmonary MSC pool. Moreover, the global transcriptional response of LR-MSCs appears to follow RSV disease, switching from an early antiviral signature to repair mechanisms including differentiation, tissue remodeling, and angiogenesis. These findings demonstrate the involvement of MSCs during virus-mediated acute lung injury and may have therapeutic implications.
Visceral leishmaniasis ( VL ) is endemic in South Sudan, where outbreaks occur frequently. Because of changes in the immune system during pregnancy, pregnant women are considered particularly vulnerable for developing complications of VL disease, including opportunistic infections. There is limited evidence available about clinical aspects and treatment outcomes of VL in pregnancy. We conducted a retrospective analysis using routine programme data from a MSF health facility in Lankien, Jonglei State, South Sudan, between Oct 2014 and April 2018. We included 113 women with VL in pregnancy, and 223 non-pregnant women with VL from the same period. Women with VL in pregnancy presented with more severe anaemia, were more likely to need blood transfusion ( OR 9. 3; 95%CI 2. 5–34. 2 ) and were more often prescribed antibiotics ( OR 6. 0; 95%CI 3. 4–10. 6 ), as compared to non-pregnant women with VL. Adverse pregnancy outcomes, including miscarriage and premature delivery, were reported in 20% ( 16/81 ) where VL was diagnosed in pregnancy, and 50% 13/26 where VL was diagnosed postpartum. Postpartum haemorrhage was common. Pregnant women were more likely to require extension of treatment to achieve cure ( OR 10. 0; 95%CI 4. 8–20. 9 ), as compared to non-pregnant women with VL. Nevertheless, overall initial cure rates were high ( 96. 5% ) and mortality was low ( 1. 8% ) in this cohort
Salmonella enterica serovar Typhi ( S. Typhi ) is a bacterium that causes a high burden of typhoid fever in sub-Saharan Africa. The prevalence of S. Typhi in sub-Saharan Africa has been reported from urban informal settlements in sub-Saharan Africa, yet little is known about the introduction of these strains to the region. We genetically characterized 310 S. Typhi isolates from typhoid fever surveillance conducted over a 12-year period ( 2007–2019 ) in Kibera, an urban informal settlement in Nairobi, Kenya, to assess the circulating strains, their antimicrobial resistance attributes, and how they relate to global S. Typhi isolates. Whole genome multi-locus sequence typing ( wgMLST ) identified 4 clades, with up to 303 pairwise allelic differences. The identified genotypes correlated with wgMLST clades. The predominant clade contained 290 ( 93. 5% ) isolates with a median of 14 allele differences ( range 0–52 ) and consisted entirely of genotypes 4. 3. 1. 1 and 4. 3. 1. 2. Resistance determinants were identified exclusively in the predominant clade. Determinants associated with resistance to aminoglycosides were observed in 245 isolates ( 79. 0% ), sulphonamide in 243 isolates ( 78. 4% ), trimethoprim in 247 isolates ( 79. 7% ), tetracycline in 224
Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus-2 ( SARS-CoV-2 ) is the third novel -coronavirus to cause significant human mortality in the last two decades. Although vaccines are available, too few have been administered worldwide to keep the virus in check and to prevent mutations leading to immune escape. To determine if antibodies could be identified with universal coronavirus activity, plasma from convalescent subjects was screened for IgG against a stabilized pre-fusion SARS-CoV-2 spike S2 domain, which is highly conserved between human -coronaviruses. From these subjects, several S2-specific human monoclonal antibodies ( hmAbs ) were developed that neutralized SARS-CoV-2 with recognition of all variants of concern ( VoC ) tested ( Beta, Gamma, Delta, Epsilon, and Omicron ). 1249A8 emerged as the most potent and broad hmAb, able to recognize all human -coronaviruses and neutralize SARS-CoV-2 and MERS-CoV. 1249A8 delivered as a single 4 mg/kg intranasal dose to hamsters 12 hours following infection with SARS-CoV-2 Delta protected them from weight loss, with therapeutic activity further enhanced when combined with 1213H7, an S1-specific neutralizing hmAb. As little as 2 mg/kg of 1249A8 i. n. dose 12 hours following infection with SARS-CoV Urbani strain, protected hamsters from weight loss and significantly reduced upper and lower respiratory viral burden. These results indicate in vivo cooper
The yeast Candida parapsilosis metabolizes hydroxyderivatives of benzene and benzoic acid as carbon sources. The yeast Candida parapsilosis metabolizes these compounds via the 3-oxoadipate and gentisate pathways, whose components are encoded by two metabolic gene clusters. In this study, we identify the chromosome level assembly of the C. parapsilosis strain CLIB214 and use it for transcriptomic and proteomic investigation of cells grown on hydroxyaromatic substrates. We demonstrate that the genes coding for enzymes and plasma membrane transporters involved in the 3-oxoadipate and gentisate pathways are highly upregulated and their expression is controlled in a substrate-specific manner. However, regulatory proteins involved in this process are not known. Using the knockout mutants, we show that putative transcriptional factors encoded by the genes OTF1 and GTF1 located within these gene clusters function as transcriptional activators of the 3-oxoadipate and gentisate pathways, respectively. We also show that the activation of both pathways is accompanied by upregulation of genes for the enzymes involved in -oxidation of fatty acids, glyoxylate cycle, amino acid metabolism, and peroxisome biogenesis. Transcriptome and proteome profiles of the cells grown on 4-hydroxybenzoate and 3-hydroxybenzoate, which are metabolized via the 3-oxoadipate and gentisate pathway, reflect their different connection to central metabolism. Yet we find that the expression profiles differ also in the cells assimilating 4-hydroxybenzoate and hydroquinone,
The brain is a complex system of neurons that can perform many tasks, including communication, multiplication, harmonic oscillation, and gated working memory. The brain is a complex system of neurons that can perform many tasks, including communication, multiplication, harmonic oscillation, and gated working memory. We developed a method called “oracle-supervised Neural Engineering Framework” ( osNEF ) to train biologically-detailed spiking neural networks that realize a variety of cognitively-relevant dynamical systems. We show that osNEF networks exhibit the target dynamics by accounting for nonlinearities present within the neuron models. We also apply osNEF to build a model of working memory that performs a delayed response task using a combination of pyramidal cells and inhibitory interneurons connected with NMDA and GABA synapses. The baseline performance and forgetting rate of the model are consistent with animal data from delayed match-to-sample tasks ( DMTST ). We observe a baseline performance of 95% and exponential forgetting with time constants of  = 8. 5s, while a recent meta-analysis of DMTST performance across species observed baseline performances of 58  99% and exponential forgetting with time constants of  = 2. 4  71s. These results demonstrate that osNEF can train functional brain models using biologically-detailed components and open new avenues for investigating the relationship between biophysical mechanisms and functional capabilities.
Down syndrome ( DS ) is a complex disease that affects many different tissues and cell types. The trisomy of human chromosome 21 ( HSA21 ) causes Down syndrome ( DS ). The trisomy does not simply result in the upregulation of HSA21-encoded genes but also leads to a genome-wide transcriptomic deregulation, which affect differently each tissue and cell type as a result of epigenetic mechanisms and protein-protein interactions. We performed a meta-analysis integrating the differential expression analyses of all publicly available transcriptomic datasets, both in human and mouse, comparing trisomic and euploid transcriptomes from different sources. We integrated all these data in a “DS network”. We found that genome wide deregulation as a consequence of trisomy 21 is not arbitrary, but involves deregulation of specific molecular cascades in which both HSA21 genes and HSA21 interactors are more consistently deregulated compared to other genes. In fact, gene deregulation happens in “clusters”, so that groups from 2 to 13 genes are found consistently deregulated. Most of these events of “co-deregulation” involve genes belonging to the same GO category, and genes associated with the same disease class. The most consistent changes are enriched in interferon related categories and neutrophil activation, reinforcing the concept that DS is an inflammatory disease. Our original method to integrate transcriptomic data confirmed not only the importance of known genes, such as SOD1, but also detected new ones that could be extremely useful for generating or confirming hypotheses and supporting new putative therapeutic candidates. We created “metaDEA” an R package that
The brain is a complex network of neurons that are able to respond to various stimuli. The brain is able to respond to a variety of stimuli, including stimuli that are triggered by a stimulus. The brain is also able to respond to a variety of stimuli, including stimuli that are triggered by a stimulus. The brain is able to respond to a variety of stimuli, including stimuli that are triggered by a stimulus. The brain is able to respond to a variety of stimuli, including stimuli that are triggered by a stimulus. The brain is able to respond to a variety of stimuli, including stimuli that are triggered by a stimulus. The brain is able to respond to a variety of stimuli, including stimuli that are triggered by a stimulus. The brain is able to respond to a variety of stimuli, including stimuli that are triggered by a stimulus. The brain is able to respond to a variety of stimuli, including stimuli that are triggered by a stimulus. The brain is able to respond to a variety of stimuli, including stimuli that are triggered by a stimulus. The brain is able to respond to a variety of stimuli, including stimuli that are triggered by a stimulus. The brain is able to respond to a variety of stimuli, including stimuli that are triggered by a stimulus. The brain is able to respond to a variety of stimuli, including stimuli that are triggered by a stimulus. The brain is able to respond to a variety of stimuli, including stimuli that are triggered by a stimulus.
Crimean-Congo hemorrhagic fever virus ( CCHFV ) is a tick-borne virus that can cause a hemorrhagic fever in humans, with a case fatality rate of up to 40%. Cases of CCHFV have been reported in Africa, Asia, and southern Europe; and recently, due to the expanding range of its vector, autochthonous cases have been reported in Spain. Although it was discovered over 70 years ago, our understanding of the pathogenesis of this virus remains limited. We used RNA-Seq in two human liver cell lines ( HepG2 and Huh7 ) infected with CCHFV ( strain IbAr10200 ) to examine kinetic changes in host expression and viral replication simultaneously at 1 and 3 days post infection. Through this, numerous host pathways were identified that were modulated by the virus including: antiviral response and endothelial cell leakage. Notably, the genes encoding DDX60, a cytosolic component of the RIG-I signalling pathway and OAS2 were both shown to be dysregulated. Interestingly, PTPRR was induced in Huh7 cells but not HepG2 cells. This has been associated with the TLR9 signalling cascade, and polymorphisms in TLR9 have been associated with poor outcomes in patients. Additionally, we performed whole-genome sequencing on CCHFV to assess viral diversity over time, and its relationship to the host response. This demonstrates a proof-of-principle that CCHFV specimens can be analyzed to identify both the virus and host biomarkers that may have implications for pro
Schizophrenic patients are often characterized by a lack of memory, a lack of memory capacity, and a lack of memory. The ability to recall information is a key component of the functioning of the brain. The ability to recall information is also a key component of the functioning of the brain. In schizophrenia, the ability to recall information is a key component of the functioning of the brain. In this study, we measured the performance of 60 SZ ( 31 females ) and 61 HC ( 29 females ) in a classical delay-estimation visual working memory task. We evaluated several influential computational models proposed in basic science of VWM to disentangle the effect of various memory components. We show that the model assuming variable precision ( VP ) across items and trials is the best model to explain the performance of both groups. According to the VP model, SZ exhibited abnormally larger variability of allocating memory resources rather than resources or capacity per se. Finally, individual differences in the resource allocation variability predicted variation of symptom severity in SZ, highlighting its functional relevance to schizophrenic pathology. Our findings also shed new light on the utility of Bayesian observer models to characterize mechanisms of mental deficits in clinical neuroscience.
HIV-1 is a virulent bacterial pathogen that causes a wide range of infections. The virus enters the host cell via the gp120 Env surface subunit, which is a key component of the viral envelope glycoprotein. However, the gp41 transmembrane glycoprotein is not well characterized. Here, we identify a primary HIV-1 Env variant that consistently supports >300% increased viral infectivity in the presence of autologous or heterologous HIV-positive plasma. However, in the absence of HIV-positive plasma, viruses with this Env exhibited reduced infectivity that was not due to decreased CD4 binding. Using Env chimeras and sequence analysis, we mapped this phenotype to a change Q563R, in the gp41 heptad repeat 1 ( HR1 ) region. We demonstrate that Q563R disrupts the formation of the gp41 six-helix bundle required for virus-cell membrane fusion. Intriguingly, antibodies that bind cluster I epitopes on gp41 overcome this inhibitory effect, restoring infectivity to wild-type levels. We further demonstrate that Q563R increases HIV-1 sensitivity to broadly neutralizing antibodies ( bNAbs ) targeting the gp41 membrane-proximal external region ( MPER ). These data contribute to our understanding of gp41 residues involved in membrane fusion and identify a mechanism by which host factors can alleviate a viral defect.
Cancer is a major cancer, and it is the only cancer that has a consensus molecular subtype. The development of methods for the identification of cancer consensus molecular subtypes is essential. The lack of intuitive and easy-to-use analytical tools has posed a barrier. Here, we report on the development of the COnsensus Molecular SUbtype of Cancer ( COMSUC ) web server. With COMSUC, users can explore consensus molecular subtypes of more than 30 cancers based on eight clustering methods, five types of omics data from public reference datasets or users’ private data, and three consensus clustering methods. The web server provides interactive and modifiable visualization, and publishable output of analysis results. Researchers can also exchange consensus subtype results with collaborators via project IDs. COMSUC is now publicly and freely available with no login requirement at http://comsuc. bioinforai. tech/ ( IP address: http://59. 110. 25. 27/ ).
Ticks ( order: Ixodida ) are a highly diverse and ecologically important group of ectoparasitic blood-feeding organisms. One such species, the seabird tick ( Ixodes uriae ), is widely distributed around the circumpolar regions of the northern and southern hemispheres. It has been suggested that Ix. uriae spread from the southern to the northern circumpolar region millions of years ago and has remained isolated in these regions ever since. Such a profound biographic subdivision provides a unique opportunity to determine whether viruses associated with ticks exhibit the same evolutionary patterns as their hosts. To test this, we collected Ix. uriae specimens near a Gentoo penguin ( Pygoscelis papua ) colony at Neko harbour, Antarctica, and from migratory birds—the Razorbill ( Alca torda ) and the Common murre ( Uria aalge )—on Bonden island, northern Sweden. Through meta-transcriptomic next-generation sequencing we identified 16 RNA viruses, seven of which were novel. Notably, we detected the same species, Ronne virus, and two closely related species, Bonden virus and Piguzov virus, in both hemispheres indicating that there have been at least two cross-circumpolar dispersal events. Similarly, we identified viruses discovered previously in other locations several decades ago, including Gadgets Gully virus, Taggert virus and Okhotskiy virus. By identifying the same or closely related viruses in geographically disjunct sampling locations we provide evidence for virus dispers
Meiotic recombination is an essential biological process that ensures faithful chromosome segregation and promotes parental allele shuffling. Tetrad analysis is a powerful approach to quantify the genetic makeups and recombination landscapes of meiotic products. Here we present RecombineX ( https://github. com/yjx1217/RecombineX ), a generalized computational framework that automates the full workflow of marker identification, gamete genotyping, and tetrad-based recombination profiling based on any organism or genetic background with batch processing capability. Aside from conventional reference-based analysis, RecombineX can also perform analysis based on parental genome assemblies, which facilitates analyzing meiotic recombination landscapes in their native genomic contexts. Additional features such as copy number variation profiling and missing genotype inference further enhance downstream analysis. RecombineX also includes a dedicated module for simulating the genomes and reads of recombinant tetrads, which enables fine-tuned simulation-based hypothesis testing. Interestingly, our re-analysis of the budding yeast tetrad sequencing data with RecombineX and Oxford Nanopore sequencing revealed two unusual structural rearrangement events that were not noticed before, which exemplify the occasional genome instability triggered by meiosis.
The APOBEC3 ( A3 ) genes encode cytidine deaminase proteins with potent antiviral and anti-retroelement activity. This locus is characterized by duplication, recombination, and deletion events that gave rise to the seven A3s found in primates. These include three single deaminase domain A3s ( A3A, A3C, and A3H ) and four double deaminase domain A3s ( A3B, A3D, A3F, and A3G ). The most potent of the A3 proteins against HIV-1 is A3G. However, it is not clear if double deaminase domain A3s have a generalized functional advantage to restrict HIV-1. In order to test whether superior restriction factors could be created by genetically linking single A3 domains into synthetic double domains, we linked A3C and A3H single domains in novel combinations. We found that A3C/A3H double domains acquired enhanced antiviral activity that is at least as potent, if not better than, A3G. Although these synthetic double domain A3s package into budding virions more efficiently than their respective single domains, this does not fully explain their gain of antiviral potency. T cell lines expressing this A3C-A3H super restriction factor are able to control replicating HIV-1Vif infection to similar levels as A3G. Together, these data show that novel combinations of A3 domains are capable of gaining potent antiviral activity to levels similar to the most potent genome-encoded A3s
Cancer is a complex disease that requires a large number of different types of cancer. The majority of cancers are characterized by a variety of different types of tumours, including those that are characterized by mutations in the genes that are encoded by variant allele frequencies ( VAF ). However, existing methods that utilize VAF information for cancer evolutionary inference are compressive, slow, or incorrectly specify the underlying cancer evolutionary dynamics. Here, we provide a synthetic supervised learning method, TumE, that integrates simulated models of cancer evolution with Bayesian neural networks, to infer ongoing selection in bulk-sequenced single tumour biopsies. Analyses in synthetic and patient tumours show that TumE significantly improves both accuracy and inference time per sample when detecting positive selection, deconvoluting selected subclonal populations, and estimating subclone frequency. Importantly, we show how transfer learning can leverage stored knowledge within TumE models for related evolutionary inference tasks—substantially reducing data and computational time for further model development and providing a library of recyclable deep learning models for the benefit of cancer genomics and, in turn, the cancer patient.
African trypanosomes are parasites mainly transmitted by tsetse flies. They cause trypanosomiasis in humans ( HAT ) and animals ( AAT ). In Chad, HAT/AAT are endemic. This study investigates the diversity and distribution of trypanosomes in Mandoul, an isolated area where a tsetse control campaign is ongoing, and Maro, an area bordering the Central African Republic ( CAR ) where the control had not started. 717 human and 540 cattle blood samples were collected, and 177 tsetse flies were caught. Trypanosomal DNA was identified in 14 human samples, 227 cattle samples, and in tsetse. Besides T. b. gambiense, T. congolense was detected in human in Maro. In Mandoul, DNA from an unknown Trypanosoma sp. -129-H was detected in a human with a history of a cured HAT infection and persisting symptoms. In cattle and tsetse samples from Maro, T. godfreyi and T. grayi were detected besides the known animal pathogens, in addition to T. godfreyi and T. grayi. Furthermore, in Maro, evidence for additional unknown trypanosomes was obtained in tsetse. Genetic diversity was most prominent in T. vivax and T. theileri.
Schistosoma haematobium is a bacterium that causes a variety of diseases, including gastrointestinal diseases, gastrointestinal diseases and gastrointestinal diseases. In particular, hybridization between Schistosoma haematobium and S. bovis is a common cause of public health and veterinary issues. In particular, hybrids between Schistosoma haematobium and S. bovis are frequently identified in Africa. Recently, we conducted a genomic comparative study and investigated the genomic relationships between S. haematobium, S. bovis and their hybrids using 19 isolates originating from a wide geographical range over Africa, including samples initially classified as S. haematobium ( n = 11 ), S. bovis ( n = 6 ) and S. haematobium x S. bovis hybrids ( n = 2 ). Based on a whole genomic sequencing approach, we developed 56, 181 SNPs that allowed a clear differentiation of S. haematobium isolates from a genomic cluster including all S. haematobium isolates and a natural S. haematobium-bovis hybrid. All the isolates from the S. haematobium cluster except the isolate from Madagascar harbored signatures of genomic introgression from S. bovis. Isolates from Corsica, Mali and Egypt harbored the S. bovis-like Invadolysin gene, an introgressed tract that has been previously detected in some introgressed S. haematobium populations from Niger. Together our results highlight
Human immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) vaccines have not been successful in clinical trials. Dimeric IgA ( dIgA ) in the form of secretory IgA is the most abundant antibody class in mucosal tissues, making dIgA a prime candidate for potential HIV vaccines. We combined Positron Emission Tomography ( PET ) imaging and fluorescent microscopy of 64Cu-labeled, photoactivatable-GFP HIV ( PA-GFP-BaL ) and fluorescently labeled dIgA to determine how dIgA antibodies influence virus interaction with mucosal barriers and viral penetration in colorectal tissue. Our results show that HIV virions rapidly disseminate throughout the colon two hours after exposure, and the presence of dIgA resulted in an increase in virions and penetration depth in the transverse colon. Moreover, virions were found in the mesenteric lymph nodes two hours after viral exposure, and the presence of dIgA led to an increase in virions in mesenteric lymph nodes. Taken together, these technologies enable in vivo and in situ visualization of antibody-virus interactions and detailed investigations of early events in HIV infection.
The cellular processes that regulate the flow of blood are important for the development of new therapies. The cellular processes that regulate the flow of blood are important for the development of new therapies. The cellular processes that regulate the flow of blood are important for the development of new therapies. The cellular processes that regulate the flow of blood are important for the development of new therapies. The cellular processes that regulate the flow of blood are important for the development of new therapies. The cellular processes that regulate the flow of blood are important for the development of new therapies. The cellular processes that regulate the flow of blood are important for the development of new therapies. The cellular processes that regulate the flow of blood are important for the development of new therapies. The cellular processes that regulate the flow of blood are important for the development of new therapies. The cellular processes that regulate the flow of blood are important for the development of new therapies. The cellular processes that regulate the flow of blood are important for the development of new therapies. The cellular processes that regulate the flow of blood are important for the development of new therapies. The cellular processes that regulate the flow of blood are important for the development of new therapies. The cellular processes that regulate the flow of blood are important for the development of new therapies. The cellular processes that regulate the flow of blood are important for the development of new therapies. The cellular processes that regulate the flow of blood are important for the development of new therapies. The cellular processes that regulate the flow of blood are important for the development of new therapies. The cellular processes that regulate the flow of blood are important for the development of new therapies. The cellular processes that regulate the flow of blood are important for the development of new therapies. The cellular processes that regulate the flow of blood are important for the development of new therapies 
Congenital Zika Syndrome ( CZS ) is a common childhood disease that affects children. It is a common cause of infant feeding difficulties, and is a major cause of infant feeding difficulties. The Zika Virus is transmitted by mosquitoes, and is transmitted by mosquitoes in the fetus. The Zika Virus is transmitted by mosquitoes in the fetus, and is transmitted by mosquitoes in the fetus. The Zika Virus is transmitted by mosquitoes in the fetus, and is transmitted by mosquitoes in the fetus. The Zika Virus is transmitted by mosquitoes in the fetus, and is transmitted by mosquitoes in the fetus, and is transmitted by mosquitoes in the fetus, and is transmitted by mosquitoes in the fetus, and is transmitted by mosquitoes in the fetus, and is transmitted by mosquitoes in the fetus, and is transmitted by mosquitoes in the fetus, and is transmitted by mosquitoes in the fetus, and is transmitted by mosquitoes in the fetus, and is transmitted by mosquitoes in the fetus, and is transmitted by mosquitoes in the fetus, and is transmitted by mosquitoes in the fetus, and is transmitted by mosquitoes in the fetus, and is transmitted by mosquitoes in the fetus, and is transmitted by mosquitoes in the fetus, and is transmitted by mosquitoe
The tetrahedral, octahedral, and icosahedral nanoparticles are a versatile platform for multivalent presentation of HIV envelope glycoprotein ( Env ) ectodomains. The tetrahedral nanoparticles are characterized by a trimeric, trimeric, and octahedral structure. The tetrahedral nanoparticles are characterized by a trimeric, trimeric, and octahedral structure. The tetrahedral nanoparticles are characterized by a trimeric, trimeric, and octahedral structure. The tetrahedral nanoparticles are characterized by a trimeric, trimeric, and octahedral structure. The tetrahedral nanoparticles are characterized by a trimeric, trimeric, and octahedral structure. The tetrahedral nanoparticles are characterized by a trimeric, trimeric, and octahedral structure. The tetrahedral nanoparticles are characterized by a trimeric, trimeric, and octahedral structure. The tetrahedral nanoparticles are characterized by a trimeric, trimeric, and octahedral structure. The tetrahedral nanoparticles are characterized by a trimeric, trimeric, and octahedral structure
Pseudorabies virus ( PRV ) has evolved various immune evasion mechanisms that target host antiviral responses. However, it is unclear whether and how PRV encoded proteins modulate the cGAS-STING axis for immune evasion. Here, we show that PRV tegument protein UL13 inhibits STING-mediated antiviral signaling via regulation of STING stability. Mechanistically, UL13 interacts with the CDN domain of STING and recruits the E3 ligase RING-finger protein 5 ( RNF5 ) to promote K27-/K29-linked ubiquitination and degradation of STING. Consequently, deficiency of RNF5 enhances host antiviral immune responses triggered by PRV infection. In addition, mutant PRV lacking UL13 impaired in antagonism of STING-mediated production of type I IFNs and shows attenuated pathogenicity in mice. Our findings suggest that PRV UL13 functions as an antagonist of IFN signaling via a novel mechanism by targeting STING to persistently evade host antiviral responses.
Arthropod-borne viruses ( arboviruses ) require replication across a wide range of temperatures to perpetuate. While vertebrate hosts tend to maintain temperatures of approximately 37°C—40°C, arthropods are subject to ambient temperatures which can have a daily fluctuation of > 10°C. Temperatures impact vector competence, extrinsic incubation period, and mosquito survival unimodally, with optimal conditions occurring at some intermediate temperature. In addition, the mean and range of daily temperature fluctuations influence arbovirus perpetuation and vector competence. The impact of temperature on arbovirus genetic diversity during systemic mosquito infection, however, is poorly understood. We determined how constant extrinsic incubation temperatures of 25°C, 28°C, 32°C, and 35°C control Zika virus ( ZIKV ) vector competence and population dynamics within Aedes aegypti and Aedes albopictus mosquitoes. We also examined fluctuating temperatures which better mimic field conditions in the tropics. We found that vector competence varied in a unimodal manner for constant temperatures peaking between 28°C and 32°C for both Aedes species. Transmission peaked at 10 days post-infection for Aedes aegypti and 14 days for Aedes albopictus. Conversely, fluctuating temperature decreased vector competence. Using RNA-seq to characterize ZIKV population structure, we identified that temperature alters the selective environment in unexpected ways. During mosquito infection, constant temperatures more often elicited positive selection whereas fluctuating temperatures led to strong purifying selection in both
Olfactory integration is important for survival in a natural habitat. However, how the nervous system processes signals of two odorants present simultaneously to generate a coherent behavioral response is poorly understood. Here, we characterize circuit basis for a form of olfactory integration in Caenorhabditis elegans. We find that the presence of a repulsive odorant, 2-nonanone, that signals threat strongly blocks the attraction of other odorants, such as isoamyl alcohol ( IAA ) or benzaldehyde, that signal food. Using a forward genetic screen, we found that genes known to regulate the structure and function of sensory neurons, osm-5 and osm-1, played a critical role in the integration process. Loss of these genes mildly reduces the response to the repellent 2-nonanone and disrupts the integration effect. Restoring the function of OSM-5 in either AWB or ASH, two sensory neurons known to mediate 2-nonanone-evoked avoidance, is sufficient to rescue. Sensory neurons AWB and downstream interneurons AVA, AIB, RIM that play critical roles in olfactory sensorimotor response are able to process signals generated by 2-nonanone or IAA or the mixture of the two odorants and contribute to the integration effect. Thus, our results identify redundant neural circuits that regulate the robust effect of a repulsive odorant to block responses to attractive odorants and uncover the neuronal and cellular basis for this complex olfactory task.
Schistosoma mansoni ( S. mansoni ) is a parasitic worm that causes schistosomiasis in humans. The parasites are able to manipulate the immune system, making them potential next-generation vaccines. In this study, we investigated the immune-protective role of S. mansoni egg-derived EVs against murine schistosomiasis. We found that EVs are able to stimulate specific antibodies response, thereby preventing schistosomiasis. We also found that EVs are able to stimulate specific antibodies response.
Mycetoma is a neglected tropical disease in Africa, with an estimated incidence of 0. 32/100, 000 persons and prevalence of 8. 32/100, 000 persons per decade. However, data on its burden and the associated complications in Uganda are limited. Hence we aimed to estimate its burden in Uganda. Firstly, a systematic PubMed search for all studies of any design on mycetoma in Uganda without restriction to the year of publication was conducted. A retrospective review of all the biopsy reports at the Pathology Reference Laboratory, Department of Pathology, Makerere University, Kampala, Uganda from January 1950 to September 2019 was conducted to identify any reports on mycetoma histological diagnosis. During the 70-years study period, 30 cases were identified by the literature review, with 249 additional cases identified by review of biopsy reports ( total of 279 cases ). The average incidence was estimated at 0. 32/100, 000 persons and prevalence of 8. 32/100, 000 persons per decade. However, there was a general decline in the number of cases detected recently. Males and the age group of 21–30 years were the most affected by mycetoma in Uganda, and only 7% of the cases were children. The highest number of cases was recorded from Kampala ( n = 30 ) and Jinja ( n = 19 ) districts. The majority of the cases ( 68% ) were referred from surgical units. The foot was the most affected part of the body ( 72% ). Ten per cent of the cases had bone involvement of which 58% required amputation. Fungi were the most common causative agents ( 89% 
Malaria is a common disease in Malaysia. The aim of Malaysia to eliminate malaria nationwide by 2020 seems need to be prolonged. Simian malaria parasites such as Plasmodium knowlesi, P. cynomolgi, P. inui and P. cynomolgi are the emerging cause of malaria in humans. The epidemiological study of simian malaria in primates provides useful information in identifying the risk of human-macaques Plasmodium infection. This study was performed to gather all available data in terms of simian malaria epidemiology study among macaques in Malaysia over the last two decades. Most studies were conducted in Peninsular Malaysia ( 5/7; 71% ) followed by East Malaysia ( 2/7; 29% ). All studies showed positive detection of Plasmodium parasites in macaques. The most prevalent Plasmodium species in macaques was P. inui ( 49. 27% ) and the least prevalent was P. fieldi ( 4. 76% ). The prevalence of simian malaria was higher in East Malaysia compared to Peninsular Malaysia. The mono, dual and triple infection types were the most common among macaques. The non-human primates like macaques are the reservoir of simian plasmodium in Malaysia. Hence, the study of host epidemiology is an important insight to public health management as there is a high occurrence of simian malaria in Malaysia. The right measurement can be taken as well to prevent the transmission of simian malaria from macaques to humans.
Epstein-Barr virus ( EBV ) is a highly infectious bacterial pathogen that causes several malignancies, including B-cell lymphomas and epithelial tumors. The EBV episome DNA is required for maintenance of the EBV episome DNA and the regulation of viral gene transcription. However, the mechanism utilized by EBV to maintain latent infection at the levels of posttranslational regulation remains largely unclear. Here, we report that EBNA1 contains two SUMO-interacting motifs ( SIM2 and SIM3 ), and mutation of SIM2, but not SIM3, dramatically disrupts the EBNA1 dimerization, while SIM3 contributes to the polySUMO2 modification of EBNA1 at lysine 477 in vitro. Proteomic and immunoprecipitation analyses further reveal that SIM3 contributes to the polySUMO2 modification of EBNA1 at lysine 477 in vitro. Deletion of the EBNASIM motif leads to functional loss of both EBNA1-mediated viral episome maintenance and lytic gene silencing. Importantly, hypoxic stress induces the SUMO2 modification of EBNA1, and in turn the dissociation of EBNA1 with STUB1, KAP1 and USP7 to increase the SUMO1 modification of both STUB1 and KAP1 for reactivation of lytic replication. Therefore, the EBNASIM motif plays an essential role in EBV latency and is a potential therapeutic target against EBV-associated cancers.
Wheat is a major producer of wheat, and it is important to understand how the genes regulating grain yield can contribute to the development of more productive wheat varieties. Previously, a highly significant QTL affecting spikelet number per spike ( SNS ), grain number per spike ( GNS ) and grain yield was detected on chromosome arm 7AL in multiple genome-wide association studies. Using a high-resolution genetic map, we established that the A-genome homeolog of WHEAT ORTHOLOG OF APO1 ( WAPO-A1 ) was a leading candidate gene for this QTL. Using mutants and transgenic plants, we demonstrate in this study that WAPO-A1 is the causal gene underpinning this QTL. Loss-of-function mutants wapo-A1 and wapo-B1 showed reduced SNS in tetraploid wheat, and the effect was exacerbated in wapo1 combining both mutations. By contrast, spikes of transgenic wheat carrying extra copies of WAPO-A1 driven by its native promoter had higher SNS, a more compact spike apical region and a smaller terminal spikelet than the wild type. Taken together, these results indicate that WAPO1 affects SNS by regulating the timing of terminal spikelet formation. Both transgenic and wapo1 mutant plants showed a wide range of floral abnormalities, indicating additional roles of WAPO1 on wheat floral development.
Scrub typhus is a vector-borne zoonosis caused by Orientia spp. and transmitted by larvae of trombiculid mites, called chiggers. It mainly occurs within a region of the Asia-Pacific called the tsutsugamushi triangle, where rodents are known as the most relevant hosts for the trombiculid vector. However, the reservoir ( s ) and vector ( s ) of the scrub typhus outside Asia-Pacific are unknown. The disease has recently been discovered on and is considered endemic for Chiloé Island in southern Chile. The aim of the present work was to detect and determine the prevalence of chiggers on different rodent species captured in probable sites for the transmission of orientiae responsible for scrub typhus on Chiloé Island in southern Chile and to molecularly examine collected chiggers for the presence of Orientia DNA. During a total of 4, 713 trap-nights, 244 rodents of seven species were captured: the most abundant was Abrothrix olivacea. Chiggers were detected on all seven rodent species with a 55% prevalence rate. Chiggers showed low host specificity and varied according to site specific host abundance. Three genera of trombiculids were identified. Herpetacarus was the most abundant genus ( 93% ), prevalent in five of the six sites. Infestation rates showed site specific differences, which were statistically significant using a GLM model with binomial errors. Molecular analyses proved that 21 of 133 mite pools were positive for Orientia species,
Zika, dengue, and chikungunya are two other viral diseases with the same vector as Zika. Clinical presentation of these diseases can vary from person to person in terms of symptoms and severity, making it difficult to differentially diagnose them. Under these circumstances, it is possible that numerous cases of Zika could have been misdiagnosed as dengue or chikungunya, or vice versa. Given the importance of surveillance data for informing epidemiological analyses, our aim was to quantify the potential extent of misdiagnosis during this epidemic. Using basic principles of probability and empirical estimates of diagnostic sensitivity and specificity, we generated revised estimates of reported cases of Zika that accounted for the accuracy of diagnoses made on the basis of clinical presentation with or without laboratory confirmation. Applying this method to weekly reported case data from 43 countries throughout Latin America and the Caribbean, we estimated that 944, 700 ( 95% CrI: 884, 900–996, 400 ) Zika cases occurred when assuming all confirmed cases were diagnosed using molecular methods versus 608, 400 ( 95% CrI: 442, 000–821, 800 ) Zika cases that occurred when assuming all confirmed cases were diagnosed using serological methods. Our results imply that misdiagnosis was more common in countries with proportionally higher reported cases of dengue and chikungunya, such as Brazil. Given that Zika, dengue, and chikungunya appear likely to co-circulate in the Americas and elsewhere for years to come, our methodology has the potential to enhance the interpretation of passive surveillance data for these diseases going forward. Likewise, our methodology could also be used to help
HBV is an enveloped DNA virus that replicates its DNA genome via reverse transcription of a pregenomic ( pg ) RNA intermediate in hepatocytes. Interestingly, HBV RNA can be detected in virus-like particles in chronic hepatitis B ( CHB ) patient serum and has been utilized as a biomarker for intrahepatic cccDNA activity in treated patients. However, the biogenesis and molecular characteristics of serum HBV RNA remain to be fully defined. In this study, we found that the encapsidated serum HBV RNA predominately consists of pgRNA, which are detergent- and ribonuclease-resistant. Through blocking HBV DNA replication without affecting pgRNA encapsidation by using the priming-defective HBV mutant Y63D or 3TC treatment, we demonstrated that the cell culture supernatant contains a large amount of pgRNA-containing nonenveloped capsids and a minor population of pgRNA-containing virions. The formation of pgRNA-virion requires both capsid assembly and viral envelope proteins, which can be inhibited by capsid assembly modulators and an envelope–knockout mutant, respectively. Furthermore, pgRNA-virion collected from cells treated with a reversible HBV priming inhibitor L-FMAU was unable to establish infection in HepG2-NTCP cells. Our study will shed light on the molecular characteristics of serum HBV RNA.
Tuberculosis caused by Mycobacterium tuberculosis ( Mtb ) is a significant public health concern, exacerbated by the emergence of drug-resistant TB. To combat the host’s dynamic environment, Mtb encodes multiple DNA repair enzymes that play a critical role in maintaining genomic integrity. Mtb possesses a GC-rich genome, rendering it highly susceptible to cytosine deaminations, resulting in the occurrence of uracils in the DNA. UDGs encoded by ung and udgB initiate the repair; hence we investigated the biological impact of deleting UDGs in the adaptation of pathogen. We generated gene replacement mutants of uracil DNA glycosylases, individually ( Rvung, RvudgB ) or together ( RvdKO ). The double KO mutant exhibited remarkably higher spontaneous mutation rate, in the presence of antibiotics. Interestingly, RvdKO showed higher survival rates in guinea pigs and accumulated large number of SNPs as revealed by whole-genome sequence analysis. Competition assays revealed the superior fitness of RvdKO over Rv, both in ex vivo and in vivo conditions. Importantly, this property allowed us to utilize RvdKO for the facile identification of drug targets.
The biological master clock, suprachiasmatic nucleus ( of rat and mouse ), is composed of 10, 000 clock cells which are heterogeneous with respect to their circadian periods. Despite this inhomogeneity, an intact SCN maintains a very good degree of circadian phase ( time ) coherence which is vital for sustaining various circadian rhythmic activities, and it is supposedly achieved by not just one but a few different cell-to-cell coupling mechanisms, among which action potential ( AP ) -mediated connectivity is known to be essential. However, due to technical difficulties and limitations in experiments, so far very little information is available about the morphology of the connectivity at a cellular scale. Here we exhaustively and systematically explore a large pool ( 25, 000 ) of various network morphologies to come up with some plausible network features of SCN networks. All candidates under consideration reflect an experimentally obtained ‘indegree distribution’ as well as a ‘physical range distribution of afferent clock cells.’ Then, importantly, with a set of multitude criteria based on the properties of SCN circadian phase waves in extrinsically perturbed as well as in their natural states, we select out appropriate model networks: Some important measures are, 1 ) level of phase dispersal and direction of wave propagation, 2 ) phase-resetting ability of the model networks subject to external circadian forcing, and 3 ) decay rate of perturbation induced “phase-singularities. ” The successful, realistic networks have several common features: 1 ) “indegree” and “outdegree” should have a positive correlation; 2
The left-ventral occipito-temporal cortex ( lvOT ) is a central part of the brain, which is a central part of the brain. It is a central part of the brain, and it is a key part of the brain’s processing of words. The lvOT is a central part of the brain, and it is important to understand how it works. The lvOT is a part of the brain that is able to process words, and it is important to understand how it works. The lvOT is a part of the brain that is able to process words, and it is important to understand how it works. However, it is not clear how lvOT works. In this study, we propose a new model that identifies the lvOT as a central part of the brain, and we show that it is able to process words, and that it is able to process words, when they are familiar. We also show that the lvOT is able to process words, and that it is able to process words, when they are unfamiliar. We also show that the lvOT is able to process words, and that it is able to process words, when they are familiar. We also show that the lvOT is able to process words, and that it is able to process words, when they are familiar.
Shift workers often experience circadian misalignment as their irregular work schedules disrupt the natural light-dark cycle, which in turn can cause serious health problems associated with alterations in genetic expressions of clock genes. In particular, shift work is associated with impairment in immune function, and those alterations are sex-specific. The goal of this study is to better understand the mechanisms that explain the weakened immune system in shift workers. We have constructed a mathematical model of the mammalian pulmonary circadian clock coupled to an acute inflammation model in the male and female rats. Shift work was simulated by an 8h-phase advance of the circadian system with sex-specific modulation of clock genes. We reproduced the clock gene expression in the lung and the immune response to various doses of lipopolysaccharide ( LPS ). Under normal conditions, our model predicts that a host is more sensitive to LPS at circadian time ( CT12 versus CT0 ) due to a dynamic change of Interleukin 10 ( IL-10 ). We identify REV-ERB as a key modulator of IL-10 activity throughout the circadian day. Overall, females produce fewer pro-inflammatory cytokines than males, but the extent of sequelae experienced by males and females varies across the circadian day. This model can serve as an essential component in an integrative model that will yield mechanistic understanding of how shift work-mediated circadian disruptions affect the inflammatory and other physiological responses.
Dengue fever virus ( DENV ) is a vector-borne tropical disease that causes severe morbidity and death in Saudi Arabia. The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia is at a significant risk of introducing several vector-borne tropical diseases, such as dengue fever virus ( DENV ) infection. In this study we estimated DENV infection cost of illness ( COI ) in Saudi Arabia in the period 2013–2017, by processing national data including all declared cases recorded in referral centers in the western region, being the endemic region of the country. Using a statistically validated predictive model that was built on a representative sample of 717 laboratory-confirmed cases of DENV infection, direct costs, due to care-related expenditures, were estimated by applying the predictive equation to national data. However, indirect costs, which are due to productivity loss, were estimated using the human capital model based on gross domestic product adjusted for invalidity duration. Further, under-reporting was adjusted by using an expansion factor EF = 3. We observed highest estimated costs in 2016 with over US$168. 5 Million total costs, including direct ( US$29. 0 Million ) and indirect ( US$139. 5 Million ) costs, for a total 4415 confirmed cases. The total DENV COI for the five years was estimated as US$551. 0 Million for a total 15, 369 patients ( 59. 7% ) out of 25, 745 declared cases, resulting in an average cost of US$11 947. 6 by patient. Depending on the year, productivity years loss costs accounted for 63. 3% to 83. 8% of the estimated total costs 
The cytoplasm is a complex network of cells and tissues that contain a variety of lipids. The lipids are stored in the form of lipid droplets, which are a type of lipid that is deposited in the nucleus. However, the function of stored fat in the nucleus has not been determined, and it is possible that stored fat is beneficial in some situations. However, nuclear lipid droplets might instead be deleterious by disrupting nuclear organization or triggering aggregation of hydrophobic proteins. We show here that nuclear lipid droplets occur normally in C. elegans intestinal cells and germ cells, but appear to be associated with damage only in the intestine. Lipid droplets in intestinal nuclei can be associated with novel bundles of microfilaments ( nuclear actin ) and membrane tubules that might have roles in damage repair. To increase the normal, low frequency of nuclear lipid droplets in wild-type animals, we used a forward genetic screen to isolate mutants with abnormally large or abundant nuclear lipid droplets. Genetic analysis and cloning of three such mutants showed that the genes encode the lipid regulator SEIP-1/seipin, the inner nuclear membrane protein NEMP-1/Nemp1/TMEM194A, and a component of COPI vesicles called COPA-1/-COP. We present several lines of evidence that the nuclear lipid droplets are detrimental to intestinal nuclei, but have no obvious deleterious effect on germ nuclei. Thus, our results suggest that nuclear lipid droplets are detrimental to intestinal nuclei, but have no obvious deleterious effect on germ nuclei 
Streptococcus pneumoniae ( pneumococcus ) is a leading cause of bacterial meningitis and many survivors develop neurological sequelae after the acute infection has resolved, possibly due to neuronal damage. Here, we studied mechanisms for pneumococcal interactions with neurons. Using human primary neurons, pull-down experiments and mass spectrometry, we show that pneumococci interact with the cytoskeleton protein -actin through the pilus-1 adhesin RrgA and the cytotoxin pneumolysin ( Ply ), thereby promoting adhesion and invasion of neurons, and neuronal death. Using our bacteremia-derived meningitis mouse model, we observe that RrgA- and Ply-expressing pneumococci co-localize with neuronal -actin. Using purified proteins, we show that Ply, through its cholesterol-binding domain 4, interacts with the neuronal plasma membrane, thereby increasing the exposure on the outer surface of -actin filaments, leading to more -actin binding sites available for RrgA binding, and thus enhanced pneumococcal interactions with neurons. Pneumococcal infection promotes neuronal death possibly due to increased intracellular Ca2+ levels depending on presence of Ply, as well as on actin cytoskeleton disassembly. STED super-resolution microscopy showed disruption of -actin filaments in neurons infected with pneumococci expressing RrgA and Ply. Finally, neuronal death caused
The fight between two competing males is a common occurrence in the wild. The fight is a synchronized behavior between the two competing males, which is a common phenomenon in the wild. The two competing males are able to fight for food and mating opportunities, but they usually stop fighting after assessing their relative fighting abilities to avoid serious injuries. Physiologically, how the fighting behavior is controlled remains unknown. In this study, we studied the behavioral and brain-transcriptomic changes during the fight between the two competing males. The behavioral and brain-transcriptomic changes occurred only during intervals between mouth-locking. Eventually, the behaviors of the two opponents became synchronized, with each pair showing a unique behavioral pattern. Moreover, each fighting pair in the D60 group showed pair-specific gene expression patterns in a grade of membership analysis ( GoM ) and were grouped as a pair in the heatmap clustering. The observed pair-specific individualization in brain-transcriptomic synchronization ( PIBS ) suggested that this synchronization provides a physiological basis for the behavioral synchronization. An analysis using the synchronized genes in fighting pairs of the D60 group found genes enriched for ion transport, synaptic function, and learning and memory. Brain-transcriptomic synchronization could be a general phenomenon and may provide a new cornerstone with which to investigate coordinating and sustaining social interactions between two interacting partners of vertebrates.
Mosquito viruses cause unpredictable outbreaks of disease. Recently, several unassigned viruses isolated from mosquitoes, including the Omono River virus ( OmRV ), were identified as totivirus-like viruses, with features similar to those of the Totiviridae family. Most reported members of this family infect fungi or protozoans and lack an extracellular life cycle stage. Here, we identified a new strain of OmRV and determined high-resolution structures for this virus using single-particle cryo-electron microscopy. The structures feature an unexpected protrusion at the five-fold vertex of the capsid. Disassociation of the protrusion could result in several conformational changes in the major capsid. All these structures, together with some biological results, suggest the protrusions’ associations with the extracellular transmission of OmRV.
The mTOR kinase is a serine/threonine protein kinase that is involved in a series of critical cellular processes. In contrast to mTORC1, little is known about the mechanisms that regulate mTORC2. Here we show that mTORC2 activity is reduced in mice with a hypomorphic mutation of the Ric-8B gene. Ric-8B is a highly conserved protein that acts as a non-canonical guanine nucleotide exchange factor ( GEF ) for heterotrimeric Gs/olf type subunits. We found that Ric-8B hypomorphic embryos are smaller than their wild type littermates, fail to close the neural tube in the cephalic region and die during mid-embryogenesis. Comparative transcriptome analysis revealed that signaling pathways involving GPCRs and G proteins are dysregulated in the Ric-8B mutant embryos. Interestingly, this analysis also revealed an unexpected impairment of the mTOR signaling pathway. Phosphorylation of Akt at Ser473 is downregulated in the Ric-8B mutant embryos, indicating a decreased activity of mTORC2. Knockdown of the endogenous Ric-8B gene in cultured cell lines leads to reduced phosphorylation levels of Akt ( Ser473 ), further supporting the involvement of Ric-8B in mTORC2 activity. Our results reveal a crucial role for Ric-8B in development and provide novel insights into the signals that regulate mTORC2.
Dengue fever is a common vector-borne disease that is transmitted by mosquitoes and humans. It is a common vector-borne disease that is transmitted by mosquitoes and humans. The present study aims to develop an ensemble forecast system for dengue fever that can be used to predict outbreaks with drastically different scales. The ensemble forecast system based on a susceptible-infected-recovered ( SIR ) type of compartmental model coupled with a data assimilation method called the ensemble adjusted Kalman filter ( EAKF ) is constructed to generate real-time forecasts of dengue fever spread dynamics. The model was informed by meteorological and mosquito density information to depict the transmission of dengue virus among human and mosquito populations, and generate predictions. To account for the dramatic variations of outbreak size in different seasons, the effective population size parameter that is sequentially updated to adjust the predicted outbreak scale is introduced into the model. Before optimizing the transmission model, we update the effective population size using the most recent observations and historical records so that the predicted outbreak size is dynamically adjusted. In the retrospective forecast of dengue outbreaks in Guangzhou, China during the 2011–2017 seasons, the proposed forecast model generates accurate projections of peak timing, peak intensity, and total incidence, outperforming a generalized additive model approach.
Leprosy and leprosy-related stigma can have a major impact on the psychosocial wellbeing of persons affected and their family members. Resilience is a process that incorporates many of the core skills and abilities which may enable people to address stigma and discrimination. The current study aimed to develop and pilot an intervention to strengthen individual and family resilience against leprosy-related discrimination. We used a quasi-experimental, before-after study design with a mixed methods approach. The 10-week family-based intervention was designed to strengthen the resilience of individuals and families by enhancing their protective abilities and capacity to overcome adversity. We found a significant increase in CD-RISC scores for persons affected and family members from Odisha state ( baseline 46. 5, first follow-up 77. 0, second follow-up 70. 0 ), this improvement was maintained at six months after completion of the intervention. WHOQOL-BREF scores were significantly higher at follow-up for persons affected in both states, and for family members in Odisha state. No families dropped out of the study. In the qualitative feedback, we found a significant increase in CD-RISC scores for persons affected and family members from Odisha state, and for family members in Odisha state. No families dropped out of the study.
The chromatids of the chromosomes are arranged in a bi-directional manner. The chromatids are arranged in a bi-directional manner, which is essential for the establishment of chromosome segregation. In budding yeast, the conserved protein shugoshin ( Sgo1 ) is essential for biorientation by recruiting the protein phosphatase PP2A-Rts1 and the condensin complex to centromeres. We identified a Serine-Rich Motif ( SRM ) of Sgo1 that mediates the interaction with condensin and is essential for centromeric condensin recruitment and the establishment of biorientation. We show that the interaction is regulated via phosphorylation within the SRM and we determined the phospho-sites using mass spectrometry. We present evidence that Mps1, a central kinase in the spindle assembly checkpoint, directly phosphorylates Sgo1 within the SRM to regulate the interaction with condensin and thereby condensin localization to centromeres. Our findings identify novel mechanisms that control shugoshin activity at the centromere in budding yeast.
T cell epitopes are commonly identified using computational prediction tools in order to enable applications such as vaccine design, cancer neoantigen identification, development of diagnostics and removal of unwanted immune responses against protein therapeutics. Most T cell epitope prediction tools are based on machine learning algorithms trained on MHC binding or naturally processed MHC ligand elution data. The ability of currently available tools to identify T cell epitopes has not been comprehensively evaluated. In this study, we used a recently published dataset that systematically defined T cell epitopes recognized in vaccinia virus ( VACV ) infected C57BL/6 mice ( expressing H-2Db and H-2Kb ), considering both peptides predicted to bind MHC or experimentally eluted from infected cells, making this the most comprehensive dataset of T cell epitopes mapped in a complex pathogen. We evaluated the performance of all currently publicly available computational T cell epitope prediction tools to identify these major epitopes from all peptides encoded in the VACV proteome. We found that all methods were able to improve epitope identification above random, with the best performance achieved by neural network-based predictions trained on both MHC binding and MHC ligand elution data ( NetMHCPan-4. 0 and MHCFlurry ). Impressively, these methods were able to capture more than half of the major epitopes in the top N = 277 predictions within the N = 767, 788 predictions made for distinct peptides of relevant lengths that can theoretically be encoded in the VACV proteome. These performance metrics provide guidance for immunologists as to which prediction methods
The risk of fathering small for gestational age offspring is a major concern for the development of a healthy, healthy, and healthy offspring. The risk of fathering small for gestational age offspring is a major concern for the development of healthy, healthy offspring. Studies in non-human mammals suggest that such associations could be mediated by DNA methylation changes in spermatozoa that influence offspring development in utero. Human obesity is associated with differential DNA methylation in peripheral blood, and it is unclear whether this differential DNA methylation is reflected in spermatozoa. We profiled genome-wide DNA methylation using the Illumina MethylationEPIC array in a cross-sectional study of matched human blood and sperm from lean ( discovery n = 47; replication n = 21 ) and obese ( n = 22 ) males to analyse tissue covariation of DNA methylation, and identify obesity-associated methylomic signatures. We found that DNA methylation signatures of human blood and sperm are highly discordant, and methylation levels are correlated at only a minority of CpG sites ( 1% ). At the majority of these sites, DNA methylation appears to be influenced by genetic variation. Overall, human sperm displays a unique DNA methylation profile that is highly discordant to, and practically uncorrelated with, that of matched peripheral blood. Overall, human sperm displays a unique DNA methylation profile that is highly discordant to, and practically uncorrelated with, that of matched peripheral blood. Overall, human sperm displays a unique DNA methylation profile
Neurotropic viruses are a common and often debilitating pathogen that infects newborn animals. However, they are often debilitating, and are often debilitating. Understanding how neurotropic viruses co-opt host machinery to overcome challenges to neuronal entry and transmission is important to combat these infections. Neurotropic reovirus disseminates through neural routes and invades the CNS to cause lethal encephalitis in newborn animals. To define mechanisms of reovirus neuronal entry and directional transport, we used primary neuron cultures, which reproduce in vivo infection patterns displayed by different reovirus serotypes. Treatment of neurons with small-molecule inhibitors of different endocytic uptake pathways allowed us to discover that the cellular machinery mediating macropinocytosis is required for reovirus neuronal entry. This mechanism of reovirus entry differs from clathrin-mediated endocytosis, which is used by reovirus to invade non-neuronal cells. Further analysis of viral transport revealed that multiple virions are transported together in axons within non-acidified vesicles. Reovirus-containing vesicles acidify after reaching the soma, where disassembly of virions and release of the viral core into the cytoplasm initiates replication. These results define mechanisms of reovirus neuronal entry and transport and establish a foundation to identify common host factors used by neurotropic viruses. Furthermore, our findings emphasize consideration of cell type-specific entry mechanisms in the tailored design of neurotropic viruses as tracers, oncolytic agents, and delivery vectors.
Plasmodium falciparum ( Pf ) is a parasitic disease caused by Plasmodium falciparum. The parasite is transmitted by the parasites Plasmodium falciparum and Pf. The parasites are a major source of malaria. The parasites are a major source of malaria, and the parasites are a major source of disease. The parasites are a major source of malaria, and the parasites are a major source of disease. The parasites are a major source of malaria, and the parasites are a major source of disease. The parasites are a major source of malaria, and the parasites are a major source of disease. The parasites are a major source of malaria, and the parasites are a major source of disease. The parasites are a major source of malaria, and the parasites are a major source of disease. The parasites are a major source of malaria, and the parasites are a major source of disease. The parasites are a major source of malaria, and the parasites are a major source of disease. The parasites are a major source of malaria, and the parasites are a major source of disease. The parasites are a major source of malaria, and the parasites are a major source of disease. The parasites are a major source of malaria, and the parasites are a major source of disease. The parasites are a major source of malaria, and the parasites are a major source of disease. The parasites are a major
Toxoplasma gondii is a pathogenic bacterium that causes a variety of diseases. The bacterium is a major cause of a wide range of diseases, including cancer, heart disease, and AIDS. The bacterium is a major source of food for humans and animals, and is a major source of food for the worms and other animals. However, the bacterium is not well understood in terms of its virulence. In this study, we profiled lysine malonylation in T. gondii strains of different genetic lines. We found that lysine malonylation is associated with virulence differences in T. gondii. We found that lysine malonylation is associated with virulence differences in T. gondii strains of different genetic lines. Our results reveal an association between lysine malonylation and intra-species virulence differences in T. gondii.
Nematode parasites infect approximately 1. 5 billion people globally and are a significant public health concern. There is an accepted need for new, more effective anthelmintic drugs. Nicotinic acetylcholine receptors on the parasite nerve and somatic muscle are targets of the cholinomimetic anthelmintics, while glutamate-gated chloride channels in the pharynx of the nematode are affected by the avermectins. Here we describe a novel nicotinic acetylcholine receptor on the nematode pharynx that is a potential new drug target. This homomeric receptor is composed of five non-Î EAT-2 subunits and is not sensitive to existing cholinomimetic anthelmintics. We found that EAT-18, a novel auxiliary subunit protein, is essential for functional expression of the receptor. EAT-18 directly interacts with the mature receptor, and different homologs alter the pharmacological properties. Thus we have described not only a novel potential drug target but also a new type of obligate auxiliary protein for nAChRs.
HIV-1 infects CD4 T lymphocytes ( CD4TL ) through binding the chemokine receptors CCR5 or CXCR4. CXCR4-using viruses are considered more pathogenic, linked to accelerated depletion of CD4TL and progression to AIDS. However, counterexamples to this paradigm are common, suggesting heterogeneity in the virulence of CXCR4-using viruses. Here, we investigated the role of the CXCR4 chemokine CXCL12 as a driving force behind virus virulence. In vitro, CXCL12 prevents HIV-1 from binding CXCR4 and entering CD4TL, but its role in HIV-1 transmission and propagation remains speculative. Through analysis of thirty envelope glycoproteins ( Envs ) from patients at different stages of infection, mostly treatment-nave, we first interrogated whether sensitivity of viruses to inhibition by CXCL12 varies over time in infection. Results show that Envs resistant ( RES ) to CXCL12 are frequent in patients experiencing low CD4TL levels, most often late in infection, only rarely at the time of primary infection. Sensitivity assays to soluble CD4 or broadly neutralizing antibodies further showed that RES Envs adopt a more closed conformation with distinct antigenicity, compared to CXCL12-sensitive ( SENS ) Envs. At the level of the host cell, our results suggest that resistance is not due to improved fusion or binding to CD4, but owes to viruses using particular CXCR4 molecules weakly accessible to CXCL12. We finally asked whether the
Zoonotic cutaneous leishmaniasis ( ZCL ) is endemic in Palestine and transmitted by Phlebotomus sand flies. They inhabit dens of hyraxes, the reservoir animal. Control measures were implemented since 1996 but cases still occur. We estimated the effect of insecticide thermal fogging inside hyrax dens on sand fly density and leishmania infection. We conducted a 12-week controlled interrupted time series study in two control and one intervention sites containing three hyrax dens each. We implemented Permethrin thermal fogging in the intervention site at week 6. We measured weekly and 36hrs post-intervention sand fly abundance inside dens using CDC light traps. We performed Next-Generation Sequencing to identify sand fly Leishmania spp. infection. We calculated the abundance reduction ( AR ) using Mulla’s formula and negative binomial regression. Among 11427 collected sand flies, 7339 ( 64% ) were females and 1786 ( 16% ) were Phlebotomus spp. comprising ten species; P. sergenti was the dominant ( n = 773, 43% ). We report P. arabicus ( n = 6 ) for the first time in Palestine. After fogging, Phlebotomus spp. AR was 93% at 36hrs, 18% and 38% at two and five weeks respectively and 41% during the complete post-intervention period. The density of Leishmania spp. decreased by 74% ( IRR: 0. 26, 95%CI: 0. 11
The 5′ untranslated region ( 5′ UTR ) of foot-and-mouth disease virus ( FMDV ) is considerably longer than in other viruses from the picornavirus family and consists of a number of distinct structural motifs that includes multiple ( 2, 3 or 4 depending on the virus strain ) putative PKs linked in tandem. The role ( s ) of the PKs in the FMDV infection are not fully understood. Here, using bioinformatics, sub-genomic replicons and recombinant viruses we have investigated the structural conservation and importance of the PKs in the FMDV infection. Our results show that despite the conservation of two or more PKs across all FMDVs, a replicon lacking PKs was replication competent, albeit at reduced levels. Furthermore, in competition experiments, GFP FMDV replicons with less than two ( 0 or 1 ) PK structures were outcompeted by a mCherry FMDV wt replicon that had 4 PKs, whereas GFP replicons with 2 or 4 PKs were not. This apparent replicative advantage offered by the additional PKs correlates with the maintenance of at least two PKs in the genomes of FMDV field isolates. Thus, our study points to roles for the PKs in both vRNA replication and virion assembly, thereby improving understanding the molecular biology of FMDV replication and the wider roles of PK in RNA functions.
Praziquantel ( PZQ ) is currently the only recommended drug for infection and disease caused by the schistosome species that infects humans. However, the current tablet formulation is not suitable for pre-school age children mainly due to its bitterness and the large tablet size. We assessed the palatability of two new orally disintegrating tablet ( ODT ) formulations of PZQ. This randomized, single-blind, crossover, swill-and-spit palatability study ( NCT02315352 ) was carried out at a single school in Tanzania in children aged 6–11 years old, with or without schistosomiasis infection as this was not part of the assessment. Children were stratified according to age group ( 6–8 years or 9–11 years ) and gender, then randomized to receive each formulation in a pre-specified sequence. Over 2 days, the children assessed the palatability of Levo-Praziquantel ( L-PZQ ) ODT 150 mg and Racemate Praziquantel ( Rac-PZQ ) ODT 150 mg disintegrated in the mouth without water on the first day, and L-PZQ and Rac-PZQ dispersed in water and the currently available PZQ 600 mg formulation ( PZQ-Cesol ) crushed and dispersed in water on the second day. Overall, there was no reported difference in the VASt = 0 between the two ODT formulations ( p = 0. 106 ) without water. Higher VASt = 0 and VASt = 2–5 scores were reported for L-PZQ ODT compared with Rac
The ability to prevent the spread of viruses is one of the major challenges of healthcare. As part of an effort to provide a treatment that avoids the possibility of drug resistance, we discovered a novel mechanism of action ( MOA ) and specific compounds to treat all nine human herpesviruses and animal herpesviruses. The novel MOA targets the pressurized genome state in a viral capsid, “turns off” capsid pressure, and blocks viral genome ejection into a cell nucleus, preventing viral replication. This work serves as a proof-of-concept to demonstrate the feasibility of a new antiviral target—suppressing pressure-driven viral genome ejection—that is likely impervious to developing drug resistance. This pivotal finding presents a platform for discovery of a new class of broad-spectrum treatments for herpesviruses and other viral infections with genome-pressure-dependent replication. A biophysical approach to antiviral treatment such as this is also a vital strategy to prevent the spread of emerging viruses where vaccine development is challenged by high mutation rates or other evasion mechanisms.
The nocturnal sub-periodic Wuchereria bancrofti ( DspWB ) is transmitted by Aedes niveus ( Ludlow ). The prevalence of the virus is above 1%, even after nine rounds of Mass Drug Administration ( MDA ) with DEC and albendazole. Molecular xenomonitoring ( MX ) was conducted to identify appropriate vector sampling method and assess the impact. BioGents Sentinel traps, gravid traps and human baited double bed nettraps were used in three locations in each village to collect Aedes niveus female mosquitoes. Subsequently daytime man landing collections ( MLCs ) were carried out in all the 25 villages in the islands. Only 393 female mosquitoes including 44 Ae. niveus ( 11. 2% ) were collected from 459 trap collections using three trapping devices. From 151 MLCs, 2170 Ae. niveus female mosquitoes were collected. The average prevalence of W. bancrofti DNA was 0. 43%. Estimated upper 95% CI exceeded the provisional prevalence threshold of 0. 1% in all the villages, indicating continued transmission as observed in Mf survey. The PCR assay used in MX for nocturnally periodic bancroftian filariasis could be adopted for DspWB. The vector-parasite MX, can be used to evaluate interventions in this area after further standardization.
The CREB-binding protein ( CBP ) is a protein that is involved in many transcriptional events. However, cell-intrinsic inhibitors of CBP are poorly defined. Here, we found that cellular USP12 interacts with the HAT domain of CBP and inhibits CBP’s acetyltransferase activity. Interestingly, USP12 positively regulates interferon ( IFN ) antiviral signaling independently of its deubiquitinase activity. Furthermore, USP12 translocation in IFN signaling facilitates CBP-induced acetylation and activation of IFN signaling proteins in the cytoplasm. Furthermore, USP12 accumulation in the nucleus blocks CBP-induced acetylation of phosphorylated STAT1 ( p-STAT1 ) and therefore inhibits the dephosphorylation effects of TCPTP on p-STAT1, which finally maintains nuclear p-STAT1 levels and IFN antiviral efficacy. Our study uncovers a cell-intrinsic regulation of CBP acetyltransferase activity and may provide potential strategies for IFN-based antiviral therapy.
The causes of acute febrile illnesses in Haiti are understudied. Recently, outbreaks of alpha- and flaviviruses in the country have been reported, and the potential for future arbovirus epidemics is unknown. We report the identification of two orthobunyaviruses, Melao virus ( MELV ) and Oropouche virus ( OROV ), in plasma specimens from Haitian children with acute febrile illness who presented during outbreaks caused by alpha- and flaviviruses in 2014. Heretofore not described as a human pathogen, MELV was isolated in cell culture from the plasma of five case patients. OROV RNA was detected in the plasma of an additional child, using an unbiased sequencing approach, with phylogenetic inference suggesting a close relationship with strains from Brazil. Abdominal pain was reported by four case patients with MELV infections, with lymphadenopathy noted in two cases. Our findings document the occurrence of these orthobunyaviruses within the Caribbean region and highlight the critical importance of surveillance with viral genome sequence analyses to identify outbreaks caused by these and other emerging viruses.
The development of efficient vaccines against COVID-19 is an emerging need for global public health. The spike protein of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 ( SARS-CoV-2 ) is a major target for the COVID-19 vaccine. To quickly respond to the outbreak of the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic, a nucleic acid-based vaccine is a novel option, beyond the traditional inactivated virus vaccine or recombinant protein vaccine. Here, we report a DNA vaccine containing the spike gene for delivery via electroporation. The spike genes of SARS-CoV and SARS-CoV-2 were codon optimized for mammalian cell expression and then cloned into mammalian cell expression vectors, called pSARS-S and pSARS2-S, respectively. Spike protein expression was confirmed by immunoblotting after transient expression in HEK293T cells. After immunization, sera were collected for antigen-specific antibody and neutralizing antibody titer analyses. We further found that both pSARS-S and pSARS2-S immunization induced similar levels of antibodies against S2 of SARS-CoV-2. In contrast, only pSARS2-S immunization induced antibodies against the receptor-binding domain of SARS-CoV-2. We further found that pSARS2-S immunization, but not pSARS-S immunization, could induce very high titers of neutralizing antibodies against SARS-CoV-2. Importantly, pSARS2-S immunization in hamsters could induce protective immunity against SARS
Lymphatic filariasis ( LF ) is a disease that causes a severe, chronic, and sometimes fatal, death. The disease is transmitted by a parasite called lymphatic filariasis. The disease is transmitted by a parasite called a worm, which is a parasite that can cause a variety of diseases. The disease is transmitted by a parasite called a worm, which is a parasite that can cause a variety of diseases. The parasite is a parasite that can cause a variety of diseases, including a parasite called lymphatic filariasis. The parasite is transmitted by a parasite called a worm, which can cause a variety of diseases. The parasite is transmitted by a parasite called a worm, which can cause a variety of diseases. The parasite is transmitted by a parasite called a worm, which can cause a variety of diseases. The parasite is transmitted by a parasite called a worm, which can cause a variety of diseases. The parasite is transmitted by a parasite called a worm, which can cause a variety of diseases. The parasite is transmitted by a parasite called a worm, which can cause a variety of diseases. The parasite is transmitted by a parasite called a worm, which can cause a variety of diseases. The parasite is transmitted by a parasite called a worm, which can cause a variety of diseases. The parasite is transmitted by a parasite called a worm, which can cause a variety of diseases. The parasite is transmitted by a
The human T-cell leukemia virus type 1 ( HTLV-1 ) orf I-encoded accessory protein p8 is cleaved from its precursor p12, and both proteins contribute to viral persistence. p8 induces cellular protrusions, which are thought to facilitate transfer of p8 to target cells and virus transmission. Host factors interacting with p8 and mediating p8 transfer are unknown. Here, we report that vasodilator-stimulated phosphoprotein ( VASP ), which promotes actin filament elongation, is a novel interaction partner of p8 and important for p8 and HTLV-1 Gag cell-to-cell transfer. VASP contains an Ena/VASP homology 1 ( EVH1 ) domain that targets the protein to focal adhesions. Bioinformatics identified a short stretch in p8 ( amino acids ( aa ) 24–45 ) which may mediate interactions with p8. Co-immunoprecipitations confirmed interactions of VASP:p8 in 293T, Jurkat and HTLV-1-infected MT-2 cells. Co-precipitation of VASP:p8 could be significantly blocked by peptides mimicking aa 26–37 of p8. Mutational studies revealed that the EVH1 domain of VASP is necessary, but not sufficient for the interaction with p8. Further, deletion of the VASP G- and F-actin binding domains significantly diminished co-precipitation of p8. Imaging and flow cytometry revealed that repression of both end
The most common sensory deprivation is tinnitus, a condition caused by hearing loss, which is a common cause of tinnitus. The most common cause of tinnitus is hearing loss, which causes auditory sensory deprivation over a band of frequencies. The most common of these symptoms is tinnitus induced by hearing loss, which is present in over 90% of people with tinnitus. In this paper, we use an objective-driven learning algorithm to model an early auditory processing neural network, e. g., in the dorsal cochlear nucleus. We show that the connectivity patterns and responses learned by the model display several hallmarks of early auditory processing neural networks. We further demonstrate that attenuation of peripheral inputs drives the recurrent network towards its critical point and transition into a tinnitus-like state. In this state, the network activity resembles responses to genuine inputs even in the absence of external stimulation, namely, it “hallucinates” auditory responses. These findings demonstrate how objective-driven plasticity mechanisms that normally act to optimize the network’s input representation can also elicit pathologies such as tinnitus as a result of sensory deprivation.
Porcine hemagglutinating encephalomyelitis virus ( PHEV ) is a highly neurotropic coronavirus belonging to the genus Betacoronavirus. Similar to pathogenic coronaviruses to which humans are susceptible, such as SARS-CoV-2, PHEV is transmitted primarily through respiratory droplets and close contact, entering the central nervous system ( CNS ) from the peripheral nerves at the site of initial infection. However, the neuroinvasion route of PHEV are poorly understood. Here, we found that BALB/c mice are susceptible to intranasal PHEV infection and showed distinct neurological manifestations. The behavioral study and histopathological examination revealed that PHEV attacks neurons in the CNS and causes significant smell and taste dysfunction in mice. By tracking neuroinvasion, we identified that PHEV invades the CNS via the olfactory nerve and trigeminal nerve located in the nasal cavity, and olfactory sensory neurons ( OSNs ) were susceptible to viral infection. Immunofluorescence staining and ultrastructural observations revealed that viral materials traveling along axons, suggesting axonal transport may engage in rapid viral transmission in the CNS. Moreover, viral replication in the olfactory system and CNS is associated with inflammatory and immune responses, tissue disorganization and dysfunction. Overall, we proposed that PHEV may serve as a potential prototype for elucidating the pathogenesis of coronavirus-associated neurological complications and olfactory and taste disorders.
The regulation of glucose metabolism homeostasis is vital to maintain health and development of animal and humans. However, the molecular mechanisms by which organisms regulate the glucose metabolism homeostasis from a feeding state switching to a non-feeding state are not fully understood. We used the holometabolous lepidopteran insect Helicoverpa armigera, cotton bollworm, as a model to study the molecular mechanisms by which organisms regulate the glucose metabolism homeostasis from a feeding state switching to a non-feeding state. We found that the steroid hormone 20-hydroxyecdysone ( 20E ) upregulated the expression of transcription factor Krüppel-like factor ( identified as Klf15 ) to promote macroautophagy/autophagy, apoptosis and gluconeogenesis during metamorphosis. 20E via its nuclear receptor EcR upregulated Klf15 transcription in the fat body during metamorphosis. Knockdown of Klf15 using RNA interference delayed pupation and repressed autophagy and apoptosis of larval fat body during metamorphosis. Klf15 bound to the KLF binding site ( KLF bs ) in the promoter of Atg8 ( autophagy-related gene 8/LC3 ) to upregulate Atg8 expression. Knockdown of Klf15 accumulated FFAs, glycerol, free amino acids ( FAAs ) and glucose levels. Glycolysis was switched to gluconeogenesis, trehalose and glycogen synthesis was changed to degradation during metamorphos
The SARS-CoV-2 spike ( S ) protein is a protein that is exposed to the viral surface and mediates viral entry into the host cell. S is exposed on the viral surface and mediates viral entry into the host cell. To identify possible antibody binding sites, we performed molecular dynamics simulations of a 4. 1 million atom system containing a patch of viral membrane with four full-length, fully glycosylated and palmitoylated S proteins. By mapping steric accessibility, structural rigidity, sequence conservation, and generic antibody binding signatures, we recover known epitopes on S and reveal promising epitope candidates for structure-based vaccine design. We find that the extensive and inherently flexible glycan coat shields a surface area larger than expected from static structures, highlighting the importance of structural dynamics. The protective glycan shield and the high flexibility of its hinges give the stalk overall low epitope scores. Our computational epitope-mapping procedure is general and should thus prove useful for other viral envelope proteins whose structures have been characterized.
The emergence of COVID-19 is a major global health problem, affecting more than a third of the world’s population. The disease is caused by a bacterial infection called SARS-CoV-2. The disease is caused by a virus called type I interferon ( IFN ), which is a recombinant of type I interferons. The recombinant type I interferons are a key component of the immune system, and they are used to fight the disease. However, the recombinant type I interferons are not effective against SARS-CoV-2 infection. In this study, we show that intranasal administration of IFN- starting one day pre-infection or one day post-infection reduced weight loss and decreased viral lung titers. By contrast, intranasal administration of IFN- starting at the onset of symptoms three days post-infection had no impact on the clinical course of SARS-CoV-2 infection. Our results provide evidence that early type I IFN treatment is beneficial, while late interventions are ineffective, although not associated with signs of enhanced disease.
Schistosomes are a major cause of human schistosomiasis, one of the most significant infectious neglected diseases in the world. Identification of freshwater snails is usually based on morphology and potentially DNA-based methods, but these have many drawbacks that hamper their use. MALDI-TOF MS has revolutionised clinical microbiology and has emerged in the medical entomology field. This study aims to evaluate MALDI-TOF MS profiling for the identification of both frozen and ethanol-stored snail species using protein extracts from different body parts. A total of 530 field specimens belonging to nine species ( Biomphalaria pfeifferi, Bulinus forskalii, Bulinus senegalensis, Bulinus globosus, Bulinus truncatus, Bulinus globosus, Bellamya unicolor, Cleopatra bulimoides, Lymnaea natalensis, Melanoides tuberculata ) were used for this study. For frozen snails, the feet of 127 field and 74 laboratory-reared specimens were used to validate the optimised MALDI-TOF MS protocol. The spectral analysis yielded intra-species reproducibility and inter-species specificity which resulted in the correct identification of all the specimens in blind queries, with log-score values greater than 1. 7. In a second step, we demonstrated that MALDI-TOF MS could also be used to identify ethanol-stored snails using proteins extracted from the foot using a
The food and water-borne illness caused by ingestion of ( oo ) cysts of Cryptosporidium and Giardia is one of the major health problems globally. Several methods are available to detect ( oo ) cysts of Cryptosporidium and Giardia in food and water samples. Most of the available methods require a good laboratory facility and well-trained manpower and are therefore costly. There is a need of affordable and reliable method that can be easily implemented in resource limited settings. We developed a smartphone based microscopic assay method to screen ( oo ) cysts of Cryptosporidium and Giardia contamination of vegetable and water samples. The method consisting of a ball lens of 1 mm diameter, white LED as illumination source and Lugols's iodine staining provided magnification and contrast capable of distinguishing ( oo ) cysts of Cryptosporidium and Giardia. The analytical performance of the method was tested by spike recovery experiments. The spike recovery experiments performed on cabbage, carrot, cucumber, radish, tomatoes, and water resulted in 26. 810. 3, 40. 18. 5, 44. 47. 3, 47. 611. 3, 49. 210. 9, and 30. 27. 9% recovery for Cryptosporidium, respectively and 10. 24. 0, 14. 17. 3, 24. 212. 1, 23. 213. 7, 17. 113. 7, 17
Echinococcosis is a zoonotic parasitic disease caused by larval stages of cestodes belonging to the genus Echinococcus. The infection affects people’s health and safety as well as agricultural and pastoral economy. Therefore, it is important to understand the prevalence status and spatial distribution of human echinococcosis in order to advance our knowledge of basic information for prevention and control measures reinforcement. Report data on echinococcosis were collected in 370 counties in China in 2018 and were used to assess prevalence and spatial distribution. SPSS 21. 0 was used to obtain the prevalence rate for CE and AE. For statistical analyses and mapping, all data were processed using SPSS 21. 0 and ArcGIS 10. 4, respectively. Chi-square test and Exact probability method were used to assess spatial autocorrelation and spatial clustering. A total of 47, 278 cases of echinococcosis were recorded in 2018 in 370 endemic counties in China. The prevalence rate of human echinococcosis was 10. 57 per 10, 000. Analysis of the disease prevalence showed obvious spatial positive autocorrelation in globle spatial autocorrelation with two aggregation modes in local spatial autocorrelation, namely high-high and low-high aggregation areas. The high-high gathering areas were mainly concentrated in northern Tibet, western Qinghai, and Ganzi in the Tibetan Autonomous Region and in Sichuan. The low-high clusters were concentrated in Gamba, Kangma and Yadong counties of Tibet. In addition, spatial scanning analysis revealed two spatial cluster
Network-based interventions can be effective and cost-efficient approaches to curtailing harmful contagions in myriad settings. As studied, these strategies are often impractical to implement, as they typically assume complete knowledge of the network structure, which is unusual in practice. In this paper, we investigate how different immunization strategies perform under realistic conditions—where the strategies are informed by partially-observed network data. Our results suggest that global immunization strategies, like degree immunization, are optimal in most cases; the exception is at very high levels of missing data, where stochastic strategies, like acquaintance immunization, begin to outstrip them in minimizing outbreaks. Stochastic strategies are more robust in some cases due to the different ways in which they can be affected by missing data. In fact, one of our proposed variants of acquaintance immunization leverages a logistically-realistic ongoing survey-intervention process as a form of targeted data-recovery to improve with increasing levels of missing data. Our results support the effectiveness of targeted immunization as a general practice. They also highlight the risks of considering networks as idealized mathematical objects: overestimating the accuracy of network data and foregoing the rewards of additional inquiry.
The brain is a complex organ that is able to detect and detect changes in the environment. The brain is a complex organ that is able to detect changes in the environment. The brain is a complex organ that is able to detect changes in the environment. The brain is able to detect changes in the environment. The brain is able to detect changes in the environment. The brain is able to detect changes in the environment. The brain is able to detect changes in the environment. The brain is able to detect changes in the environment. The brain is able to detect changes in the environment. The brain is able to detect changes in the environment. The brain is able to detect changes in the environment. The brain is able to detect changes in the environment. The brain is able to detect changes in the environment. The brain is able to detect changes in the environment. The brain is able to detect changes in the environment. The brain is able to detect changes in the environment. The brain is able to detect changes in the environment. The brain is able to detect changes in the environment. The brain is able to detect changes in the environment. The brain is able to detect changes in the environment. The brain is able to detect changes in the environment. The brain is able to detect changes in the environment. The brain is able to detect changes in the environment. The brain is able to detect changes in the environment. The brain is able to detect changes in the environment. The brain is able to detect changes in the environment. The brain is able to detect changes in the environment. The brain is able to detect changes in the environment. The brain is able to detect changes in the environment. The brain
Plasmodium falciparum ( Pf ), P. vivax ( Pv ), P. malariae ( Pm ), and P. ovale sp. ( Po ) are frequently observed, but little is known about the effects of multiple Plasmodium species co-infections on gametocyte production. We developed molecular assays for detecting asexual and gametocyte stages of Pf, Pv, Pm, and Po. This is the first description of molecular diagnostics for Pm and Po gametocytes. This is the first description of molecular diagnostics for Pm and Po gametocytes. This is the first description of molecular diagnostics for Pm and Po gametocytes. This is the first description of molecular diagnostics for Pm and Po gametocytes. This is the first description of molecular diagnostics for Pm and Po gametocytes. This is the first description of molecular diagnostics for Pm and Po gametocytes. This is the first description of molecular diagnostics for Pm and Po gametocytes. This is the first description of molecular diagnostics for Pm and Po gametocytes. This is the first description of molecular diagnostics for Pm and Po gametocytes. This is the first description of molecular diagnostics for Pm and Po gametocytes. This is the first description of molecular diagnostics for Pm and Po gametocytes. This is the first description of molecular diagnostics for Pm and Po gametocytes. This is the first description of molecular diagnostics for
The survival of cancer is largely determined by the number of exposures, the number of genes that are active mediators, and the number of genes that are mutated. The survival of cancer is largely determined by the number of exposures, the number of genes that are active mediators, and the number of genes that are mutated. The survival of cancer is largely determined by the number of exposures, the number of genes that are active mediators, and the number of genes that are mutated. To address this problem, we proposed IUSMMT ( intersection-union survival mixture-adjusted mediation test ) to evaluate the existence of mediation effect by fitting an empirical three-component mixture null distribution. We applied IUSMMT to ten TCGA cancers and identified multiple genes that exhibited mediating effects. We further revealed that most of the identified regions, in which genes behaved as active mediators, were cancer type-specific and exhibited a full mediation from DNA methylation CpG sites to the survival risk of various types of cancers. Overall, IUSMMT represents an effective and powerful alternative for survival mediation analysis; our results also provide new insights into the functional role of DNA methylation and gene expression in cancer progression/prognosis and demonstrate potential therapeutic targets for future clinical practice.
The nematode Pristionchus pacificus is a nematode that feeds on a variety of food sources. The nematode Pristionchus pacificus is a nematode that feeds on a variety of food sources. The nematode Pristionchus pacificus is a nematode that feeds on a variety of food sources. The nematode Pristionchus pacificus is a nematode that feeds on a variety of food sources. The nematode Pristionchus pacificus is a nematode that feeds on a variety of food sources. The nematode Pristionchus pacificus is a nematode that feeds on a variety of food sources. The nematode Pristionchus pacificus is a nematode that feeds on a variety of food sources. The nematode Pristionchus pacificus is a nematode that feeds on a variety of food sources. The nematode Pristionchus pacificus is a nematode that feeds on a variety of food sources. The nematode Pristionchus pacificus is a nematode that feeds on a variety of food sources. The nematode Pristionchus pacificus is a nematode that feeds on a variety of food sources. The nem
The cellular calcium ( Ca2+ ) dynamics are directly and indirectly regulated by the mitochondrial Ca2+ cycling and production of reactive oxygen species ( ROS ). Ca2+ alternans in cardiac myocytes have been observed in experiments under abnormal mitochondrial depolarization. However, complex signaling pathways and Ca2+ cycling between mitochondria and cytosol make it difficult in experiments to reveal the underlying mechanisms of Ca2+ alternans under abnormal mitochondrial depolarization. In this study, we use a newly developed spatiotemporal ventricular myocyte computer model to investigate the mechanisms of Ca2+ alternans during mitochondrial depolarization. We find that elevated ROS in response to mitochondrial depolarization plays a critical role in promoting Ca2+ alternans. Further examination reveals that the redox effect of ROS on ryanodine receptors and sarco/endoplasmic reticulum Ca2+-ATPase synergistically promote alternans. Upregulation of mitochondrial Ca2+ uniporter promotes Ca2+ alternans via Ca2+-dependent mitochondrial permeability transition pore opening. Due to their relatively slow kinetics, oxidized Ca2+/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II activation and ATP do not play significant roles acutely in the genesis of Ca2+ alternans after mitochondrial depolarization, but their roles can be significant in the long term, mainly through their effects on sarco/endoplasmic reticulum Ca2+-ATPase activity. In conclusion, mitochondrial depolarization promotes Ca2+ alternans acutely via the redox effect of ROS and chronically by ATP reduction
Hemorrhagic fever with renal syndrome ( HFRS ) is a zoonosis characterized by clinical features of high fever, hemorrhage, and renal damage. China has the largest number of HFRS cases worldwide, accounting for over 90% of the total reported cases. In this paper, we used surveyed HFRS data and satellite imagery to conduct geostatistical analysis for investigating the associations of rapid urbanization, water bodies, and other factors on the spatiotemporal dynamics of HFRS from year 2005 to 2018 in Xi’an City, Northwest China. The results revealed an evident epidemic aggregation in the incidence of HFRS within Xi’an City with a phenomenal fluctuation in periodic time series. Rapid urbanization was found to greatly affect the HFRS incidence in two different time phases. HFRS caused by urbanization influences farmers to a lesser extent than it does to non-farmers. The association of water bodies with the HFRS incidence rate was found to be higher within the radii of 696. 15 m and 1575. 39 m, which represented significant thresholds. The results also showed that geomatics approaches can be used for spatiotemporally investigating the HFRS dynamic characteristics and supporting effective allocations of resources to formulate strategies for preventing epidemics.
Helicobacter pylori is a bacterium that causes chronic stomach infections. The bacterium is a major cause of chronic stomach infections, and is a major cause of cancer. The bacterium is a major cause of chronic stomach infections, and is a major cause of cancer. The bacterium is a major cause of chronic stomach infections, and is a major cause of cancer. The bacterium is a major cause of chronic stomach infections, and is a major cause of cancer. The bacterium is a major cause of chronic stomach infections, and is a major cause of cancer. The bacterium is a major cause of chronic stomach infections, and is a major cause of cancer. The bacterium is a major cause of chronic stomach infections, and is a major cause of cancer. The bacterium is a major cause of chronic stomach infections, and is a major cause of cancer. The bacterium is a major cause of chronic stomach infections, and is a major cause of cancer. The bacterium is a major cause of chronic stomach infections, and is a major cause of cancer. The bacterium is a major cause of chronic stomach infections, and is a major cause of cancer. The bacterium is a major cause of chronic stomach infections, and is a major cause of cancer. The bacterium is a major cause of chronic stomach infections, and is a major cause of cancer. The bacterium is a major cause of chronic stomach infections, and is a major cause of cancer. The bacterium is a major cause of chronic stomach infections, and is a major cause of cancer. The bacter
Soil-transmitted helminth ( STH ) infections cause significant morbidity in children and women of reproductive age. The World Health Organization ( WHO ) recommends preventive chemotherapy ( PC ) of at-risk populations with anthelminthics to control these infections. Historically, STH are very intensively transmitted in Pemba Island ( Zanzibar ). A survey conducted in 1994 in 12 schools estimated a STH prevalence near to 100%. This extremely high prevalence induced the introduction of PC in the island; initially, however, PC was not regularly administered because of difficulties linked to drug procurement. A second STH survey, conducted in 2011, in 24 schools estimated a STH prevalence of 89%; after this survey, PC was regularly administered until 2018. We conducted a survey in 2021 using the same method as that used in 2011. The prevalence of STH was evaluated at 80% ( 95% CI 78. 1–81. 5 ) and most of the STH cases were due to Trichuris trichiura. More than 32% ( 95% CI 30. 3–34. 0 ) of the children investigated had infections of moderate or heavy intensity. Improvement of sanitation coverage remains a key measure to permanently reduce the prevalence and intensity of STH infections. Possible changes to the present PC approaches to better control STH in Pemba Island would be ( i ) to assure high coverage in all schools, ( ii ) to use mebendazole instead of albendazole given its better activity on T. trichiura and ( iii ) to use a combination of ivermectin and mebendazole to further increase anthelminthic
Chikungunya virus ( CHIKV ) is a re-emerging mosquito-borne alphavirus that has rapidly spread around the globe thereby causing millions of infections. The virus enters its host cell primarily via clathrin-mediated endocytosis. The virus particle moves through the cell and delivers the virus to early endosomes where membrane fusion is observed. The nucleocapsid dissociates and the viral RNA is translated into proteins. In this study, we examined the importance of the microtubule network during the early steps of infection and dissected the intracellular trafficking behavior of CHIKV particles during cell entry. We observed two distinct CHIKV intracellular trafficking patterns prior to membrane hemifusion. Whereas half of the CHIKV particles remained static during cell entry and fused in the cell periphery, the other half showed fast-directed microtubule-dependent movement prior to delivery to Rab5-positive early endosomes and predominantly fused in the perinuclear region of the cell. Disruption of the microtubule network reduced the number of infected cells. At these conditions, membrane hemifusion activity was not affected yet fusion was restricted to the cell periphery. Furthermore, follow-up experiments revealed that disruption of the microtubule network impairs the delivery of the viral genome to the cell cytosol. We therefore hypothesize that microtubules may direct the particle to a cellular location that is beneficial for establishing infection or aids in nucleocapsid uncoating.
Bacteria use nucleotide second messengers to transduce external signals into a specific cellular response. In addition to the well-established role of this second messenger in the control of potassium homeostasis, we observed that glutamate is as toxic as potassium for a c-di-AMP-free strain of the Gram-positive model bacterium Bacillus subtilis. In this work, we isolated suppressor mutants that allow growth of a c-di-AMP-free strain under these toxic conditions. Characterization of glutamate resistant suppressors revealed that they contain pairs of mutations, in most cases affecting glutamate and potassium homeostasis. Among these mutations, several independent mutations affected a novel glutamate transporter, AimA ( Amino acid importer A, formerly YbeC ). Unexpectedly, some of the isolated suppressor mutants could suppress glutamate toxicity by a combination of mutations that affect phospholipid biosynthesis and a specific gain-of-function mutation of a mechanosensitive channel of small conductance ( YfkC ) resulting in the acquisition of a device for glutamate export. Cultivation of the c-di-AMP-free strain on complex medium was an even greater challenge because the amounts of potassium, glutamate, and other osmolytes are substantially higher than in minimal medium. Suppressor mutants viable on complex medium could only be isolated under anaerobic conditions if one of the two c-di-AMP receptor proteins, DarA or DarB, was absent. Also on complex medium, potassium and osmol
Epstein-Barr virus ( EBV ) is a highly prevalent virus that causes lymphomas and epithelial cell cancers. Although generally silent in B lymphocytes, this widely prevalent virus can cause endemic Burkitt lymphoma and post-transplant lymphoproliferative disorders/lymphomas in immunocompromised hosts. By learning how EBV breaches barriers to cell proliferation, we hope to undermine those strategies to treat EBV lymphomas and potentially other cancers. We had previously found that EBV, through activation of cellular STAT3, prevents phosphorylation of Chk1, and thereby, suppresses activation of the intra-S phase cell-cycle checkpoint, a potent barrier to oncogene-driven proliferation. This observation prompted us to investigate the consequences on DNA repair since homologous recombination repair, the most error-free form, requires phosphoChk1. We now report that the defect in Chk1 phosphorylation also curtails RAD51 nucleation, and thereby, homologous recombination repair of DNA double strand breaks. The resulting reliance on error-prone microhomology-mediated end-joining ( MMEJ ) repair makes EBV-transformed cells susceptible to PARP inhibition and simultaneous accrual of genome-wide deletions and insertions resulting from synthesis-dependent MMEJ. Analysis of transcriptomic and drug susceptibility data from hundreds of cancer lines reveals a STAT3-dependent gene-set predictive of susceptibility of cancers to synthetic lethal PARP inhibition given the high prevalence of cancers with constitutively active STAT3. These findings
Buruli ulcer is a chronic debilitating disease caused by an environmental Mycobacterium ulcerans. At least 33 countries with tropical, subtropical and temperate climates have reported Buruli ulcer in African countries, South America and Western Pacific regions. Majority of cases are spread across West and Central Africa. The mode of transmission is unclear, hindering the implementation of adequate prevention for the population. Currently, early diagnosis and treatment are crucial to minimizing morbidity, costs and preventing long-term disability. Biological confirmation of clinical diagnosis of Buruli ulcer is essential before starting chemotherapy. Indeed, differential diagnosis are numerous and Buruli ulcer has varying clinical presentations. Up to now, the gold standard biological confirmation is the quantitative PCR, targeting the insertion sequence IS2404 of M. ulcerans performed on cutaneous samples. Due to the low PCR confirmation rate in endemic African countries ( under 30% in 2018 ) for numerous identified reasons within this article, 11 laboratories decided to combine their efforts to create the network “BU-LABNET” in 2019. The first step of the network was to harmonize the procedures and ship specific reagents to each laboratory. With this system in place, implementation of these procedures for testing and follow-up was easy and the laboratories were able to carry out their first quality control with a very high success rate. It is now time to integrate other neglected tropical diseases to this platform, such as yaws or leprosy.
Cells are able to migrate into and out of the membrane, and they are able to associate with the membrane adaptor FERM. The cytoplasmic adaptor, a protein that is a key component of cell adhesion and migration, is a key component of the cell membrane. The cytoplasmic adaptor is a protein that is able to associate with the membrane. The cytoplasmic adaptor is a protein that is able to associate with the membrane. The cytoplasmic adaptor is a protein that is able to associate with the membrane. The cytoplasmic adaptor is a protein that is able to associate with the membrane. The cytoplasmic adaptor is a protein that is able to associate with the membrane. The cytoplasmic adaptor is a protein that is able to associate with the membrane. The cytoplasmic adaptor is a protein that is able to associate with the membrane. The cytoplasmic adaptor is a protein that is able to associate with the membrane. The cytoplasmic adaptor is a protein that is able to associate with the membrane. The cytoplasmic adaptor is a protein that is able to associate with the membrane. The cytoplasmic adaptor is a protein that is able to associate with the membrane. The cytoplasmic adaptor is a protein that is able to associate with the membrane. The cytoplasmic adaptor is a protein that is able to associate with the membrane. The cytoplasmic adaptor is a protein that is able to associate with the membrane. The cytoplasmic adaptor is a protein that is able to associate with the membrane 
The rafts of fire ants ( Solenopsis invicta ) are often studied in this context for their ability to create aggregated structures comprised entirely of their own bodies, including tether-like protrusions that facilitate exploration of and escape from flooded environments. While similar protrusions are observed in cytoskeletons and cellular aggregates, they are generally dependent on morphogens or external gradients leaving the isolated role of local interactions poorly understood. Here we demonstrate through an ant-inspired phenomenological model how protrusions in ant rafts may emerge spontaneously due to local interactions. The model is comprised of a condensed structural network of agents that represents the monolayer of interconnected worker ants, which floats on the water and gives ant rafts their form. Experimentally, this layer perpetually contracts, which we capture through the pairwise contraction of all neighboring structural agents at a strain rate of d . On top of the structural layer, we model a dispersed, on-lattice layer of motile agents that represents free ants, which walk on top of the floating network. Ultimately, we demonstrate how phases of exploratory protrusion growth may be induced by increased ant activity as characterized by a dimensionless parameter, A. These results provide an example in which functional morphogenesis of a living system may emerge spontaneously due to local interactions at the constituent length scale, thereby providing a source of inspiration for the ant-inspired phenomenological model.
Culex pipiens quinquefasciatus Say ( Cx. quinquefasciatus ) and Culex pipiens form molestus Forskal ( Cx. molestus ) in the Culex pipiens complex group show considerable differences in host seeking, blood feeding, mating behavior and vector competence. Blood-feeding mosquito behaviors are closely related to their olfactory gene expression and olfactory gene repertoire composition. Comparing olfactory genes between these two subspecies with significantly different blood-feeding behaviors can support further research on the molecular mechanism of the Culex pipiens complex olfactory sensory system, providing a new approach for determining candidate attractant or repellent compounds.
Place fields are rapidly formed in hippocampal CA1 neurons. Place cells are active in the early stages of exploration of novel environments but return to baseline levels in familiar environments. Place cells are also active in the early stages of exploration of novel environments, but return to baseline levels in familiar environments. We propose a computational model of the hippocampal CA1 network, which describes the formation, dynamics and stabilization of place fields. We show that although somatic disinhibition is sufficient to form place fields, dendritic inhibition along with synaptic plasticity is necessary for place field stabilization. We show that the interplay between somatic and dendritic inhibition balances the increased excitatory weights, such that place cells return to their baseline firing rate after exploration. Our model suggests that different types of interneurons are essential to unravel the mechanisms underlying place field plasticity. Finally, we predict that artificially induced dendritic events can shift place fields even after place field stabilization.
The sensitivity of Molecular xenomonitoring ( MX ) is recommended for onchocerciasis surveillance in elimination settings. However, the sensitivity of MX for detecting onchocerciasis-positive communities has not previously been evaluated. We conducted a systematic review of studies reporting the prevalence of Onchocerca volvulus DNA in wild-caught Simulium spp. flies ( MX rate ) and corresponding prevalence of microfilaria ( mf ) in humans. We evaluated the sensitivity of MX for detecting onchocerciasis-positive communities and describe the characteristics of studies with reduced sensitivity. We conducted a linear regression to evaluate the relationship between mf prevalence and MX rate. We identified 15 relevant studies, with 13 studies comprising 34 study communities. Most communities were at advanced stages towards elimination and had no or extremely low human prevalence. MX detected positive flies in every study area with >1% mf prevalence, with the exception of one study conducted in the Venezuelan Amazonian focus. MX detected positive flies in every study area with >1% mf prevalence, with the exception of one study conducted in the Venezuelan Amazonian focus. MX is sensitive to communities with ongoing onchocerciasis transmission. It has potential to predict human mf prevalence, but further data is required to understand this relationship, particularly from MX surveys conducted earlier in control programmes before transmission has been interrupted.
Mycobacterium leprae is a pathogen that causes leprosy. It is a bacterium that causes leprosy, a disease that causes a variety of diseases. The bacteria that cause leprosy are a major source of bacteria. The bacteria that cause leprosy are a major source of bacteria. The bacteria that cause leprosy are a major source of bacteria. The bacteria that cause leprosy are a major source of bacteria. The bacteria that cause leprosy are a major source of bacteria. The bacteria that cause leprosy are a major source of bacteria. The bacteria that cause leprosy are a major source of bacteria. The bacteria that cause leprosy are a major source of bacteria. The bacteria that cause leprosy are a major source of bacteria. The bacteria that cause leprosy are a major source of bacteria. The bacteria that cause leprosy are a major source of bacteria. The bacteria that cause leprosy are a major source of bacteria. The bacteria that cause leprosy are a major source of bacteria. The bacteria that cause leprosy are a major source of bacteria. The bacteria that cause leprosy are a major source of bacteria. The bacteria that cause leprosy are a major source of bacteria. The bacteria that cause leprosy are a major source of bacteria. The bacteria that cause leprosy are a major source of bacteria. The bacteria that cause leprosy are a major source of bacteria. The bacteria that cause leprosy are a major source of bacteria. The bacteria that cause leprosy are a major
The ability of nongenetic variation to speed up or slow down adaptive evolution is a key issue in the study of evolution. We show that it can speed up evolution in environments where available carbon and energy sources change over time. To this end, we use an experimentally validated model of Escherichia coli growth on two alternative carbon sources, glucose and acetate. On the superior carbon source ( glucose ), all cells achieve high growth rates, while on the inferior carbon source ( acetate ) only a small fraction of the population manages to initiate growth. Consequently, populations experience a bottleneck when the environment changes from the superior to the inferior carbon source. Growth on the inferior carbon source depends on a circuit under the control of a transcription factor that is repressed in the presence of the superior carbon source. We show that noise in the expression of this transcription factor can increase the probability that cells start growing on the inferior carbon source. In doing so, it can decrease the severity of the bottleneck and increase mean population fitness whenever this fitness is low. A modest amount of noise can also enhance the fitness effects of a beneficial allele that increases the fraction of a population initiating growth on acetate. Additionally, noise can protect this allele from extinction, accelerate its spread, and increase its likelihood of going to fixation. Central to the adaptation-enhancing principle we identify is the ability of noise to mitigate population bottlenecks, particularly in environments that fluctuate periodically. Because such bottlenecks are frequent in fluctuating environments, and because periodically fluctuating environments themselves are common, this principle may apply to a broad range of environments and organisms.
Arthropod-borne viruses infect both mosquito and mammalian hosts. While much is known about virus-host interactions that modulate viral gene expression in their mammalian host, much less is known about the interactions that involve inhibition, subversion or avoidance strategies in the mosquito host. A novel RNA-Protein interaction detection assay was used to detect proteins that directly or indirectly bind to dengue viral genomes in infected mosquito cells. Membrane-associated mosquito proteins Sec61A1 and Loquacious ( Loqs ) were found to be in complex with the viral RNA. Depletion analysis demonstrated that both Sec61A1 and Loqs have pro-viral functions in the dengue viral infectious cycle. Co-localization and pull-down assays showed that Loqs interacts with viral protein NS3 and both full-length and subgenomic viral RNAs. While Loqs coats the entire positive-stranded viral RNA, it binds selectively to the 3’ end of the negative-strand of the viral genome. In-depth analyses showed that the absence of Loqs did not affect translation or turnover of the viral RNA but modulated viral replication. Loqs also displayed pro-viral functions for several flaviviruses in infected mosquito cells, suggesting a conserved role for Loqs in flavivirus-infected mosquito cells.
The storage effect is a mechanism that allows species to invade a community. In particular, the storage effect is known to facilitate invasions of rare species via the storage effect. Here we present a quantitative study of the effects of temporal variations in two-species and in diverse communities. We show that stochastic variations yield shorter persistence time because they allow for rare sequences of bad years. In diverse communities, where the steady-state reflects a colonization-extinction equilibrium, the actual number of temporal niches is shown to play a crucial role. When the number of temporal niches is large, global competition acts to decrease species richness and evenness, as it focuses the competition to specific periods, thus increasing the effective fitness differences.
The ribosome is a complex structure that is a key component of the genome. It is a complex structure that is a key component of the genome, and is a key component of the human genome. The ribosome is a complex structure that is a key component of the genome, and is a key component of the human genome. RNAs are complex structures that are characterized by a variety of structural and functional features. RNAs are complex structures that are characterized by a variety of structural and functional features. RNAs are complex structures that are characterized by a variety of structural and functional features. RNAs are complex structures that are characterized by a variety of structural and functional features. RNAs are complex structures that are characterized by a variety of structural and functional features. RNAs are complex structures that are characterized by a variety of structural and functional features. RNAs are complex structures that are characterized by a variety of structural and functional features. RNAs are complex structures that are characterized by a variety of structural and functional features. RNAs are complex structures that are characterized by a variety of structural and functional features. RNAs are complex structures that are characterized by a variety of structural and functional features. RNAs are complex structures that are characterized by a variety of structural and functional features. RNAs are complex structures that are characterized by a variety of structural and functional features. RNAs are complex structures that are characterized by a variety of structural and functional features. RNAs are complex structures that are characterized by a variety of structural and functional features. RNAs are complex structures that are characterized by a variety of structural and functional features. 
The source detection problem in epidemiology is one of the most important issues for control of epidemics. We investigate the source detection problem in epidemiology, which is one of the most important issues for control of epidemics. We calibrate the parameters of our mixture model using human mobility networks within a stochastic, spatially explicit epidemiological model for waterborne disease. Furthermore, we adopt a Bayesian perspective, so that prior information on source location can be incorporated ( e. g., reflecting the impact of local conditions ). Posterior-based inference is performed, which permits estimates in the form of either individual locations or regions. Importantly, our estimator only requires first-arrival times of the epidemic by putative observers, typically located only at a small proportion of nodes. The proposed method is demonstrated within the context of the 2000-2002 cholera outbreak in the KwaZulu-Natal province of South Africa.
Multiplex imaging is a new technique that allows for multiplex panels with dozens of markers. However, the number of markers required for a panel is limited due to technical artifacts, tissue loss, and long imaging acquisition time. To address this, we propose computational approaches to determine the amount of shared information between markers and select an optimally reduced panel that captures maximum amount of information with the fewest markers. We show that all methods perform adequately and can re-capture cell types using only 18 of 25 markers ( 72% of the original panel size ). The correlation-based selection methods achieve the best single-cell marker mean intensity predictions with a Spearman correlation of 0. 90 with the reduced panel. Using the proposed methods shown here, it is possible for researchers to design more efficient multiplex imaging panels that maximize the amount of information retained with the limited number of markers with respect to certain evaluation metrics and architecture biases.
Leptospirosis is a biphasic disease consisting of hematogenous dissemination to major organs in the acute phase and asymptomatic renal colonization in the chronic phase. We investigated the dynamics of leptospires and histopathological changes in the kidney to understand the relationship between them, and also investigated the extent of renal dysfunction in the acute and chronic phases of leptospirosis using a hamster model. We found that leptospires were locally distributed in the renal interstitium in the early acute phase and then spread continuously into the surrounding interstitium. The kidneys of the surviving hamsters in the chronic phase showed patchy lesions of atrophic tubules, a finding of chronic tubulointerstitial nephritis, which were substantially consistent with the distribution of leptospires in the renal interstitium. The degree of atrophic tubules in kidney sections correlated statistically with the serum creatinine level in the chronic phase ( rs = 0. 78, p = 0. 01 ). Subcutaneous infection with pathogenic leptospires could cause acute death or chronic leptospirosis in hamsters after surviving the acute phase.
Talaromycosis is a serious regional disease endemic in Southeast Asia. In China, Talaromyces marneffei ( T. marneffei ) infections are mainly concentrated in the southern region, especially in Guangxi, and cause considerable in-hospital mortality in HIV-infected individuals. Currently, the factors that influence in-hospital death of HIV/AIDS patients with T. marneffei infection are not completely clear. Existing machine learning techniques can be used to develop a predictive model to identify relevant prognostic factors to predict death and appears to be essential to reducing in-hospital mortality. We prospectively enrolled HIV/AIDS patients with T. marneffei infection in the Fourth People’s Hospital of Nanning, Guangxi, from January 2012 to June 2019. The average in-hospital mortality rate was 13. 3% ( 256/1927 ) from 2012 to 2019. The most common complications/coinfections were pneumonia ( 68. 9% ), followed by oral candida ( 47. 5% ), and tuberculosis ( 40. 6% ). Deceased patients showed higher CD4/CD8 ratios, aspartate aminotransferase ( AST ) levels, creatinine levels, urea levels, uric acid ( UA ) levels, lactate dehydrogenase ( LDH ) levels, total bilirubin levels, creatine kinase levels, white blood cells, and white blood cells.
Human toxocariasis is a parasitic zoonosis of significant public health importance in the United States due to its high seropositivity among socioeconomically disadvantaged groups, and possible links to cognitive and developmental delays. We identified that Toxocara eggs are widespread in New York City public spaces, with evidence of significant levels of contamination in all five boroughs. The Bronx had the highest contamination rate ( 66. 7% ), while Manhattan had the lowest contamination rate ( 29. 6% ). Moreover, infective eggs were only found in the Bronx playgrounds, with over 70% of eggs recovered in embryonic form and the highest egg burden ( p = 0. 0365 ). All other boroughs had eggs in the pre-infectious, unembronyated form. Toxocara cati, the cat roundworm, was the predominant species. These findings suggest that feral or untreated cats in New York City represent a significant source of environmental contamination. Additional rigorous public health interventions should explore further approaches to interrupt transmission to humans.
The envenoming of children by scorpions is a public health problem in tropical America. One of the most medically significant species is Tityus trivittatus, which is known to occur from southwest Brazil to central-northern and eastern Argentina. In this work, we studied the lethality, composition, antigenicity, and enzymatic activity of venom from a T. trivittatus population found further north in urban areas of eastern Paraguay, where it has caused serious envenomation of children. Our results indicate that the population is of medical importance as it produces a potently toxic venom with an LD50 around 1. 19 mg/kg. Venom competitive solid-phase enzyme immunoassays and immunoblotting from Argentinean and Paraguayan T. trivittatus populations indicated that antigenic differences exist across the species range. SDS-PAGE showed variations in type and relative amounts of venom proteins between T. trivittatus samples from Argentina and Paraguay. MALDI-TOF mass spectrometry indicated that while some sodium channel toxins are shared, others are population-specific. Proteolytic activity by zymography and peptide identification through nESI-MS/MS also point out that population-specific proteases may exist in T. trivittatus, which are postulated to be involved in the envenoming process. A time-calibrated molecular phylogeny of mitochondrial COI sequences revealed a significant ( 8. 14% ) genetic differentiation between the Argentinean and Paraguayan populations
Bat-pollinated flowers have to attract their pollinators in absence of light and therefore some species developed specialized echoic floral parts. These parts are usually concave shaped and act like acoustic retroreflectors making the flowers acoustically conspicuous to the bats. However, it remains unclear whether other bat-pollinated plant species also show acoustic adaptations. To investigate acoustic traits of bat-pollinated flowers we recorded a dataset of 32320 flower echoes, collected from 168 individual flowers belonging to 12 different species. 6 of these species were pollinated by bats and 6 species were pollinated by insects or hummingbirds. We analyzed the spectral target strength of the flowers and trained a convolutional neural network ( CNN ) on the spectrograms of the flower echoes. We found that bat-pollinated flowers have a significantly higher echo target strength, independent of their size, and differ in their morphology, specifically in the lower variance of their morphological features. We found that a good classification accuracy by our CNN ( up to 84% ) can be achieved with only one echo/spectrogram to classify the 12 different plant species, both bat-pollinated and otherwise, with bat-pollinated flowers being easier to classify. The higher classification performance of bat-pollinated flowers can be explained by the lower variance of their morphology.
Schistosomiasis is a parasitic disease that causes a severe, invasive disease in humans. The most effective way to control schistosomiasis is to eliminate the intermediate snail host of Schistosoma. The most important first step is to accurately identify the snail habitats. Due to the substantial resources required for traditional, manual snail-searching in the field, and potential risk of miss-classification of potential snail habitats by remote sensing, more convenient and precise methods are urgently needed. Snail data ( N = 15, 000 ) from two types of snail habitats ( lake/marshland and hilly areas ) in Anhui Province, a typical endemic area for schistosomiasis, were collected together with 36 environmental variables covering the whole province. Twelve different models were built and evaluated with indices, such as area under the curve ( AUC ), Kappa, percent correctly classified ( PCC ), sensitivity and specificity. We found the presence-absence models performing better than those derived from machine-learning, especially the random forest ( RF ) approach. The predicted high-risk areas for potential snail habitats of the lake/marshland type exist mainly along the Yangtze River, while those of the hilly type are dispersed in the areas south of the Yangtze River. We provide here the first comprehensive risk profile of potential snail habitats based on precise examinations revealing the true distribution and habitat type, thereby improving efficiency and accuracy of snail control including better allocation of limited health resources.
Giardia duodenalis causes giardiasis, a major diarrheal disease in humans worldwide whose treatment relies mainly on metronidazole ( MTZ ) and albendazole ( ABZ ). The emergence of ABZ resistance in this parasite has prompted studies to elucidate the molecular mechanisms underlying this phenomenon. G. duodenalis trophozoites convert ABZ into its sulfoxide ( ABZSO ) and sulfone ( ABZSOO ) forms, despite lacking canonical enzymes involved in these processes, such as cytochrome P450s ( CYP450s ) and flavin-containing monooxygenases ( FMOs ). This study aims to identify the enzyme responsible for ABZ metabolism and its role in ABZ resistance in G. duodenalis trophozoites. We first determined that the iron-containing cofactor heme induces higher mRNA expression levels of flavohemoglobin ( gFlHb ) in Giardia trophozoites. Molecular docking analyses predict favorable interactions of gFlHb with ABZ, ABZSO and ABZSOO. Spectral analyses of recombinant gFlHb in the presence of ABZ, ABZSO and ABZSOO showed high affinities for each of these compounds with Kd values of 22. 7, 19. 1 and 23. 8 nM respectively. ABZ and ABZSO enhanced gFlHb NADH oxidase
The assimilation, incorporation, and metabolism of sulfur is a fundamental process across all domains of life, yet how cells deal with varying sulfur availability is not well understood. We studied an unresolved conundrum of sulfur fixation in yeast, in which organosulfur auxotrophy caused by deletion of the homocysteine synthase Met17p is overcome when cells are inoculated at high cell density. In combining the use of self-establishing metabolically cooperating ( SeMeCo ) communities with proteomic, genetic, and biochemical approaches, we discovered an uncharacterized gene product YLL058Wp, herein named Hydrogen Sulfide Utilizing-1 ( HSU1 ). HSU1p acts as a homocysteine synthase and allows the cells to substitute for Met17p by reassimilating hydrosulfide ions leaked from met17 cells into O-acetyl-homoserine and forming homocysteine. Our results show that cells can cooperate to achieve sulfur fixation, indicating that the collective properties of microbial communities facilitate their basic metabolic capacity to overcome sulfur limitation.
Juvenile hormone ( JH ) is a hormone that stimulates insect vitellogenesis and egg production. The mechanism underlying patency opening is poorly understood. We used the migratory locust Locusta migratoria as a model system to study how JH-regulated remodeling of zonula adherens ( ZA ), the belt-like adherens junction maintaining physical linking between follicle cells, controlled the opening of patency. JH triggered phosphorylation of Partitioning defective protein 3 ( Par3 ) via a signaling cascade including G protein-coupled receptor ( GPCR ), small GTPase Cell division cycle 42 ( Cdc42 ) and atypical Protein kinase C ( aPKC ). Par3 phosphorylation resulted in its disassociation from -Catenin, the cytoplasmic partner of ZA core component E-Cadherin. Release of Par3 from the -Catenin/E-Cadherin complex caused ZA disassembly at tricellular contacts, consequently leading to patency enlargement. This study provides new insight into how JH stimulates insect vitellogenesis and egg production via inducing the opening of paracellular route for vitellogenin transport crossing the follicular epithelium barrier.
Alcoholic-related liver disease ( ALD ) is the cause of more than half of all liver-related deaths. Sustained excess drinking causes fatty liver and alcohol-related steatohepatitis, which may progress to alcoholic liver fibrosis ( ALF ) and eventually to alcohol-related liver cirrhosis ( ALC ). Unfortunately, it is difficult to identify patients with early-stage ALD, as these are largely asymptomatic. Consequently, the majority of ALD patients are only diagnosed by the time ALD has reached decompensated cirrhosis, a symptomatic phase marked by the development of complications as bleeding and ascites. The main goal of this study is to discover relevant upstream diagnoses helping to understand the development of ALD, and to highlight meaningful downstream diagnoses that represent its progression to liver failure. Here, we use data from the Danish National Patient Registry covering the entire population of Denmark during nineteen years ( 1996–2014 ), to examine if it is possible to identify patients likely to develop ALD based on their past medical history. Consistent with the late diagnoses of ALD, we find that ALC is the most common form of ALD in the registry data and that ALC patients have a strong over-representation of diagnoses associated with liver dysfunction. By contrast, we identify a small number of patients diagnosed with ALF who appear to be much less sick than those with ALD. We perform a matched case–control study using the group of patients with ALC as cases and their matched patients with non-ALD as controls. Machine learning models trained and tested on the set of ALC patients achieve a high performance for data classification ( AUC =
Dendrite arborization ( C4da ) is a process in which neurons remove dendrites from the brain. Dendrite arborization is a process in which neurons re-establish dendrites, which are a part of the brain. Dendrite arborization is a process in which neurons remove dendrites from the brain. Dendrite arborization is a process in which neurons re-establish dendrites, which are a part of the brain. Dendrite arborization is a process in which neurons remove dendrites from the brain. Dendrite arborization is a process in which neurons remove dendrites from the brain. Dendrite arborization is a process in which neurons remove dendrites from the brain. Dendrite arborization is a process in which neurons remove dendrites from the brain. Dendrite arborization is a process in which neurons remove dendrites from the brain. Dendrite arborization is a process in which neurons remove dendrites from the brain. Dendrite arborization is a process in which neurons remove dendrites from the brain. Dendrite arborization is a process in which neurons remove dendrites from the brain. Dendrite arborization is a process in which neurons remove dendrites from the brain. Dendrite arborization is a process in which neurons remove dendrites from the brain. Dendrite arborization is a process in which neurons remove dendrites from the brain. Dendrite arborization is a process in which neurons remove dendrites from the brain. Dendrite arborization is a process in which neurons remove dendrite
Plasmodium falciparum is a parasite that causes malaria in humans and is a major cause of malaria in humans. The parasite is transmitted by the plasmodium apicoplast, which is a parasite that is a major source of malaria. The parasite is a parasite that is a major source of malaria. In the past, the parasite has been shown to inhibit the replication of the parasite in vitro and are associated with protection from malaria in vivo. However, the parasite has been shown to inhibit the replication of the parasite in vivo. In this study, we show that V2 T cells from heavily malaria-exposed individuals are able to respond to opsonized parasite antigen through CD16, a novel pathway by which V2 T cells may contribute to antimalarial effector functions. This response was independent of TCR engagement, as demonstrated by blockade of the phosphoantigen presenting molecule Butyrophilin 3A1. Together these results indicate that V2 T cells in heavily malaria-exposed individuals retain the capacity for antimalarial effector function, and demonstrate their activation by opsonized parasite antigen. This represents a new role both for V2 T cells and for opsonizing antibodies in malaria clearance, emphasizing cooperation between the cellular and humoral arms of the immune system.
Proteins are complex structures that are characterized by a complex structure, such as a protein, that is shaped by a complex structure. The structure of proteins is a complex structure, and the structure of proteins is a complex structure. Proteins are complex structures that are characterized by a complex structure, such as a protein, that is shaped by a complex structure. Proteins are complex structures that are characterized by a complex structure, such as a protein, that is shaped by a complex structure, such as a protein, or a protein. Proteins are complex structures that are characterized by a complex structure, such as a protein, that is shaped by a complex structure, such as a protein, or a protein. Proteins are complex structures that are characterized by a complex structure, such as a protein, that is shaped by a complex structure, such as a protein, or a protein, that is shaped by a complex structure, such as a protein, or a protein, that is shaped by a complex structure, such as a protein, or a protein, that is shaped by a complex structure, such as a protein, or a protein, that is shaped by a complex structure, such as a protein, or a protein, that is shaped by a complex structure, such as a protein, or a protein, that is shaped by a complex structure, such as a protein, or a protein, that is shaped by a complex structure, such as a protein, or a protein 
Enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli ( ETEC ) is one of the top aetiologic agents of diarrhea in children under the age of 5 in low-middle income countries ( LMICs ). The lack of point of care diagnostic tools for routine ETEC diagnosis results in limited data regarding the actual burden and epidemiology in the endemic areas. We evaluated performance of the novel Rapid LAMP based Diagnostic Test ( RLDT ) for detection of ETEC in stool as a point of care diagnostic assay in a resource-limited setting. We conducted a cross-sectional study of 324 randomly selected stool samples from children under 5 presenting with moderate to severe diarrhea ( MSD ) in Zambia. The RLDT was evaluated by targeting three ETEC toxin genes [heat labile toxin ( LT ) and heat stable toxins ( STh and STp ). Quantitative PCR was used as the “gold standard” to evaluate the diagnostic sensitivity and specificity of RLDT for detection of ETEC. We additionally described the prevalence and seasonality of ETEC. The study included 324 participants, 50. 6% of which were female. The overall prevalence of ETEC was 19. 8% by qPCR and 19. 4% by RLDT. The children between 12 to 59 months had the highest prevalence of 22%. The study determined ETEC toxin distribution was LT 28/321 ( 9% ), ST 18/321 ( 6% ) and LT/ST 16/321 ( 5% ). The sensitivity and specificity of the RLDT compared to qPCR using a Ct 35 as the cut-off, were 90 
Longitudinal intervention studies with repeated measurements over time are an important type of experimental design in biomedical research. Due to the advent of “omics”-sciences ( genomics, transcriptomics, proteomics, metabolomics ), longitudinal studies generate increasingly multivariate outcome data. Analysis of such data must take both the longitudinal intervention structure and multivariate nature of the data into account. The ASCA+-framework combines general linear models with principal component analysis and can be used to separate and visualize the multivariate effect of different experimental factors. However, this methodology has not yet been developed for the more complex designs often found in longitudinal intervention studies, which may be unbalanced, involve randomized interventions, and have substantial missing data. Here we describe a new methodology, repeated measures ASCA+ ( RM-ASCA+ ), and show how it can be used to model metabolic changes over time, and compare metabolic changes between groups, in both randomized and non-randomized intervention studies. Tools for both visualization and model validation are discussed. This approach can facilitate easier interpretation of data from longitudinal clinical trials with multivariate outcomes.
The time evolution of symptoms ( signs ) with some defects in the dynamics of a reaction network is a ( microscopic ) model for the progress of disease phenotypes. To this end, we take a large population of reaction networks and follow the stochastic dynamics of the system to see how the development of defects affects the macroscopic states of the signs probability distribution. We start from some plausible definitions for the healthy and disease states along with a dynamical model for the emergence of diseases by a reverse simulated annealing algorithm. The healthy state is defined as a state of maximum objective function, which here is the sum of mutual information between a subset of signal variables and the subset of assigned response variables. A disease phenotype is defined with two parameters controlling the rate of mutations in reactions and the rate of accepting mutations that reduce the objective function. The model can provide the time dependence of the sign probabilities given a disease phenotype. This allows us to obtain the accuracy of diagnosis as a function of time by using a probabilistic model of signs and diseases. The trade-off between the diagnosis accuracy ( increasing in time ) and the objective function ( decreasing in time ) can be used to suggest an optimal time for medical intervention.
The relationship between transmission of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 ( SARS-CoV-2 ) and the amount of virus present in the proximity of a susceptible host is not understood. Here, we developed a mathematical model of SARS-CoV-2 infection in golden hamsters that describes the kinetics of infectious virus and total viral RNA in the upper respiratory tract and aerosols. We found that viral shedding early in infection correlates with transmission events, shedding of infectious virus diminishes late in the infection, and high viral RNA levels late in the infection are a poor indicator of transmission. We further showed that viral infectiousness increases in a density dependent manner with viral RNA and that their relative ratio is time-dependent. Such information is useful for designing interventions.
The number of species, items, or genes that are shared between two groups, sets, or communities is a simple calculation when sampling is complete. However, when only partial samples are available, quantifying the overlap between two communities becomes an estimation problem. Furthermore, to calculate normalized measures of -diversity, such as the Jaccard and Sorenson-Dice indices, one must also estimate the total sizes of the communities being compared. Previous efforts to address these problems have assumed knowledge of total community sizes and then used Bayesian methods to produce unbiased estimates with quantified uncertainty. Here, we address communities of unknown size and show that this produces systematically better estimates—both in terms of central estimates and quantification of uncertainty in those estimates. We further show how to use species, item, or gene count data to refine estimates of community size in a Bayesian joint model of community size and overlap.
The ELISA and Rapid Diagnostic Tests ( RDT ) are a diagnostic test for chronic Chagas disease. The ELISA and RDT tests have high validity for diagnosing chronic Chagas disease. The analysis of these two types of evidence in this systematic review and meta-analysis constitutes an input for their use. The limitations included the difficulty in extracting data due to the lack of information in the articles, and the comparative clinical-type design of some studies. The analysis of these two types of evidence in this systematic review and meta-analysis constitutes an input for their use.
The brain is a complex network of neurons that transmits a variety of stimuli, including a variety of stimuli, such as a reward, and a variety of stimuli. The brain is a complex network of neurons that transmits a variety of stimuli, including a variety of stimuli, such as a reward, and a variety of stimuli. The brain is a complex network of neurons that transmits a variety of stimuli, such as a reward, and a variety of stimuli, such as a reward, to the brain. The brain is a complex network of neurons that transmits a variety of stimuli, such as a reward, to the brain. The brain is a complex network of neurons that transmits a variety of stimuli, such as a reward, to the brain. The brain is a complex network of neurons that transmits a variety of stimuli, such as a reward, to the brain. The brain is a complex network of neurons that transmits a variety of stimuli, such as a reward, to the brain. The brain is a complex network of neurons that transmits a variety of stimuli, such as a reward, to the brain. The brain is a complex network of neurons that transmits a variety of stimuli, such as a reward, to the brain. The brain is a complex network of neurons that transmits a variety of stimuli, such as a reward, to the brain. The brain is a complex network of neurons that transmits a variety of stimuli, such as a reward, to the brain. The brain is a
Tick salivary glands are a major source of salivary glands in the human body. The salivary glands are a major source of salivary glands in the human body. The salivary glands are a major source of salivary glands in the human body. The salivary glands are a major source of salivary glands in the human body. The salivary glands are a major source of salivary glands in the human body. The salivary glands are a major source of salivary glands in the human body. The salivary glands are a major source of salivary glands in the human body. The salivary glands are a major source of salivary glands in the human body. The salivary glands are a major source of salivary glands in the human body. The salivary glands are a major source of salivary glands in the human body. The salivary glands are a major source of salivary glands in the human body. The salivary glands are a major source of salivary glands in the human body. In this study, we first demonstrated that the salivary glands are a major source of salivary glands in the human body. We first investigated the regulatory role of the autophagy-related gene ( ATG ) and caspase gene expression peaks during the degeneration of tick salivary glands. We first showed that the autophagy-related gene ( RhATG5 ) was cleaved and calcium concentration and transcription of Rhcalpains increased in the salivary glands. We then investigated the regulatory role of RhATG5 in the degeneration of tick salivary glands. We found that the autophagy-related gene (
Yellow fever ( YF ) is a zoonotic disease that causes severe diarrhea and death in many countries. The disease is transmitted by mosquitoes and is transmitted by a wide range of animals, including humans, animals and humans. The disease is transmitted by mosquitoes and humans, and is transmitted by mosquitoes and humans. The disease is transmitted by mosquitoes and humans, and is transmitted by mosquitoes and humans. The disease is transmitted by mosquitoes and humans, and is transmitted by mosquitoes and humans, and is transmitted by mosquitoes and humans, and is transmitted by mosquitoes and humans, and by mosquitoes, and by mosquitoes, and by mosquitoes, and by mosquitoes, and by mosquitoes, and by mosquitoes, and by mosquitoes, and by mosquitoes, and by mosquitoes, and by mosquitoes, and by mosquitoes, and by mosquitoes, and by mosquitoes, and by mosquitoes, and by mosquitoes, and by mosquitoes, and by mosquitoes, and by mosquitoes, and by mosquitoes, and by mosquitoes, and by mosquitoes, and by mosquitoes, and by mosquitoes, and by mosquitoes, and by mosquitoes, and by mosquitoes, and by mosquitoes, and by mosquitoes, and by mosquitoes, and by mosquitoes, and by mosquitoes, and by mosquitoes, and by mosquitoes, and by mosquitoes, and by mosquitoes, and by mosquitoes 
Obsessive-compulsive disorder ( OCD ) is characterized by uncontrollable repetitive actions thought to rely on abnormalities within fundamental instrumental learning systems. We investigated cognitive and computational mechanisms underlying Pavlovian biases on instrumental behavior in both clinical OCD patients and healthy controls using a Pavlovian-Instrumental Transfer ( PIT ) task. PIT is typically evidenced by increased responding in the presence of a positive ( previously rewarded ) Pavlovian cue, and reduced responding in the presence of a negative cue. Our results contrast with the increased PIT effects reported for another set of disorders characterized by compulsivity, substance use disorders, in which PIT is enhanced. A possible reason for the reduced PIT in OCD may be impairment in using the contextual information provided by the cues to appropriately adjust behavior, especially when inhibiting responding when a negative cue is present. This study provides deeper insight into our understanding of deficits in OCD from the perspective of Pavlovian influences on instrumental behavior and may have implications for OCD treatment modalities focused on reducing compulsive behaviors.
Apicomplexa phylum comprises thousands of distinct intracellular parasite species, including coccidians, haemosporidians, piroplasms, and cryptosporidia. These parasites are characterized by complex and divergent life cycles occupying a variety of host niches. Consequently, they exhibit distinct adaptations to the differences in nutritional availabilities, either relying on biosynthetic pathways or by salvaging metabolites from their host. Pantothenate ( Pan, vitamin B5 ) is the precursor for the synthesis of an essential cofactor, coenzyme A ( CoA ), but among the apicomplexans, only the coccidian subgroup has the ability to synthesize Pan. While the pathway to synthesize CoA from Pan is largely conserved across all branches of life, there are differences in the redundancy of enzymes and possible alternative pathways to generate CoA from Pan. Impeding the scavenge of Pan and synthesis of Pan and CoA have been long recognized as potential targets for antimicrobial drug development, but in order to fully exploit these critical pathways, it is important to understand such differences. Recently, a potent class of pantothenamides ( PanAms ), Pan analogs, which target CoA-utilizing enzymes, has entered antimalarial preclinical development. The potential of PanAms to target multiple downstream pathways make them a promising compound class as broad antiparasitic drugs against other apicomplexans.
Membrane proteins are a key component of the cell membrane, and they are often characterized by a significant fraction of their hydrophobic amino acids exposed to the hydrophobic core of lipid bilayers rather than being embedded in the protein interior. Here, we propose a characteristic and predictive quantity, the membrane contact probability ( MCP ), to describe the likelihood of the amino acids of a given sequence being in direct contact with the acyl chains of lipid molecules. We show that MCP is complementary to solvent accessibility in characterizing the outer surface of membrane proteins, and it can be predicted for any given sequence with a machine learning-based method. As the first of many potential applications, we demonstrate that MCP can be used to systematically improve the prediction accuracy of the protein contact maps and structures.
The COVID-19 ( SARS-CoV-2 ) pandemic is mitigated by several non-pharmaceutical interventions, but it is hard to predict which of these are the most effective for a given population. We developed the computationally effective and scalable, agent-based microsimulation framework PanSim, allowing us to test control measures in multiple infection waves caused by the spread of a new virus variant in a city-sized societal environment using a unified framework fitted to realistic data. We show that vaccination strategies prioritising occupational risk groups minimise the number of infections but allow higher mortality while prioritising vulnerable groups minimises mortality but implies an increased infection rate. We also found that intensive vaccination along with non-pharmaceutical interventions can substantially suppress the spread of the virus, while low levels of vaccination, premature reopening may easily revert the epidemic to an uncontrolled state. Our analysis highlights that while vaccination protects the elderly from COVID-19, a large percentage of children will contract the virus, and we also show the benefits and limitations of various quarantine and testing scenarios.
The etiopathogenesis of environmental enteric dysfunction ( EED ) is a major limitation to understanding the etiopathogenesis of small bowel lesions. We hypothesized that the development of such a system will identify unique histological features for EED, and that some features might correlate with clinical severity. Duodenal endoscopic biopsies from two cohorts where EED is prevalent ( Pakistan, Zambia ) and North American children with and without gluten sensitive enteropathy ( GSE ) were processed for routine hematoxylin & eosin ( H&E ) staining, and scanned to produce whole slide images ( WSIs ) which we shared among study pathologists via a secure web browser-based platform. A semi-quantitative scoring index composed of 11 parameters encompassing tissue injury and response patterns commonly observed in routine clinical practice was constructed by three gastrointestinal pathologists, with input from EED experts. The pathologists then read the WSIs using the EED histology index, and inter-observer reliability was assessed. Eight of the 11 histologic scoring parameters showed useful degrees of variation, particularly abundance of intraepithelial lymphocytes in the Pakistani cohort, and marked villous destruction and loss of secretory cell lineages in the Zambian cohort. We propose the first EED histology index for interpreting duodenal biopsies. This index should be useful in future clinical and translational studies of this widespread, poorly understood, and highly consequential disorder, which might be caused by multiple contributing processes, in different regions of the world.
The human and animal worlds are a complex and dynamic world, with many different interactions. The interactions between humans and animals are often asymmetric, and the interactions between humans and animals are often asymmetric. In this study, we introduce a new game-theoretic setting called transparent games, where each player has a certain probability of observing the partner’s choice before deciding on its own action. We show that even a small probability of seeing the partner’s choice before one’s own decision substantially changes the evolutionary successful strategies. In both games, “Win–stay, lose–shift” and “Tit-for-tat” strategies are predominant for moderate transparency, while a “Leader-Follower” strategy emerges for high transparency. Our results have implications for studies of human and animal social behaviour, especially for the analysis of dyadic and group interactions.
The telomere is a complex structure that is a key component of the cell cycle. It is a complex structure that is a key component of the cell cycle, and is a key component of the cell cycle. However, 15% of cancers utilise a recombination-based mechanism referred to as alternative lengthening of telomeres ( ALT ) that leads to long and heterogenous telomere length distributions. Loss-of-function mutations in the Alpha Thalassemia/Mental Retardation Syndrome X-Linked gene are frequently found in ALT cancers. Here, we demonstrate that the loss of ATRX, coupled with telomere dysfunction during crisis, is sufficient to initiate activation of the ALT pathway and that it confers replicative immortality in human fibroblasts. Additionally, loss of ATRX combined with a telomere-driven crisis in HCT116 epithelial cancer cells led to the initiation of an ALT-like pathway. In both of these instances, telomere sequencing revealed that all alleles, irrespective of whether they were elongated, were enriched in variant repeat types that appeared to be cell-line specific. Thus, our data show that the loss of ATRX alone is sufficient to initiate ALT and that it confers replicative immortality in human fibroblasts.
Toxoplasma gondii is a parasite that invades host cells and survives in the host cell. The parasites are secreted in specific secretory organelles, the rhoptries, micronemes and dense granules that release their content upon host cell recognition. Dense granules are secreted in a constitutive manner during parasite replication and play a crucial role in modulating host metabolic and immune responses. While the molecular mechanisms triggering rhoptry and microneme release upon host cell recognition have been well studied, constitutive secretion remains a poorly explored aspect of T. gondii vesicular trafficking. Here, we investigated the role of the small GTPase Rab11A, a known regulator of exocytosis in eukaryotic cells. Our data revealed an essential role of Rab11A in promoting the cytoskeleton driven transport of dense granules and the release of their content into the vacuolar space. Rab11A also regulates transmembrane protein trafficking and localization during parasite replication, indicating a broader role of Rab11A in cargo exocytosis at the plasma membrane. Moreover, we found that Rab11A also regulates extracellular parasite motility and adhesion to host cells. Strikingly, by live imaging we observed a polarized accumulation of Rab11A-positive vesicles and dense granules at the apical pole of extracellular motile and invading parasites suggesting that apically polarized Rab11A-dependent delivery of cargo regulates early secretory
The rat barrel cortex is a complex network of neurons that consists of a single neuron, a single synapse, and a single somatosensory cell. The rat barrel cortex is a complex network of neurons that consists of a single neuron, a single synapse, and a single somatosensory cell. The rat barrel cortex is a complex network of neurons that consists of a single neuron, a single synapse, and a single somatosensory cell. The rat barrel cortex is a complex network of neurons that consists of a single neuron, a single synapse, and a single somatosensory cell. The rat barrel cortex is a complex network of neurons that consists of a single neuron, a single synapse, and a single somatosensory cell. The rat barrel cortex is a complex network of neurons that consists of a single neuron, a single synapse, and a single somatosensory cell. The rat barrel cortex is a complex network of neurons that consists of a single neuron, a single synapse, and a single somatosensory cell. The rat barrel cortex is a complex network of neurons that consists of a single neuron, a single synapse, and a single somatosensory cell. The rat barrel cortex is a complex network of neurons that consists of a single neuron, a single synapse, and a single s
Human skin is constantly exposed to environmental DNA damage leading to the accumulation of somatic mutations over the lifetime of an individual. Mutagenesis in human skin cells can be also caused by endogenous DNA damage and by DNA replication errors. The contributions of these processes to the somatic mutation load in the skin of healthy humans has so far not been accurately assessed because the low numbers of mutations from current sequencing methodologies preclude the distinction between sequencing errors and true somatic genome changes. In this work, we sequenced genomes of single cell-derived clonal lineages obtained from primary skin cells of a large cohort of healthy individuals across a wide range of ages. We demonstrate that UV-induced base substitutions, insertions and deletions are prominent even in sun-shielded skin. In addition, we detect accumulation of mutations due to spontaneous deamination of methylated cytosines as well as insertions and deletions characteristic of DNA replication errors in these cells. The endogenously induced somatic mutations and indels also demonstrate a linear increase with age, while UV-induced mutation load is age-independent. Finally, we show that DNA replication stalling at common fragile sites are potent sources of gross chromosomal rearrangements in human cells. Thus, somatic mutations in skin of healthy individuals reflect the interplay of environmental and endogenous factors in facilitating genome instability and carcinogenesis.
Clonorchiasis is a neglected tropical disease and a public health issue in endemic countries. In Vietnam, an in-depth analysis of risk factors for the condition is missing up to now. In this study, we conducted a cross-sectional survey in 4 communes in Yen Bai and Thanh Hoa provinces where clonorchiasis is known to be present and raw fish consumption is a common occurrence. We found that the prevalence of C. sinensis infection was 40. 4%, with commune prevalences ranging between 26. 5% and 53. 3%. In the final model, males were significantly more likely to be infected with C. sinensis ( OR 2. 00; 95% CI 1. 31–3. 05 ). Recent ( i. e. last year ) consumption of raw fish ( OR 8. 00, 95% CI 4. 78–13. 36 ), low education level ( OR 5. 57; 95% CI 2. 37–13. 07 ), lack of treatment ( OR 1. 82, 95% CI 1. 15–2. 89 ), being between 19 to 39 years old ( OR 6. 46; 95% CI 1. 25–33. 37 ), and the presence of an unhygienic toilet ( OR 2. 74, 95% CI 1. 53–4. 92 ) were significantly associated with C. sinensis infection.
Skin infections are a major cause of sickness in communities with poor living conditions, but they have received little attention in national or global health studies because of their low mortality rates. In many developing regions, the prevalence of parasitic skin diseases among schoolchildren is not reported. In this study, we compared the occurrence and risk factors of skin infections among rural schoolchildren in southern Ethiopia. We found that a frequentist model was more effective than a Bayesian model, and that the prevalence of skin infections among schoolchildren was higher than that of the Bayesian model. Almost three-fourths of the sample had at least one type of skin problem, and boys were at higher overall risk than girls ( adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 1. 55 [95% Bayesian credible interval [BCI] 1. 01, 2. 28] ). Risk factors included unclean fingernails ( aOR 1. 85 [95% BCI 1. 08, 2. 97] ) ; not washing the body ( aOR 1. 90 [95% BCI 1. 21, 2. 85] ) and hair ( aOR 3. 07 [95% BCI 1. 98, 4. 57] ) and hair ( aOR 3. 07 [95% BCI 1. 98, 4. 57] ), sharing a bed ( aOR 1. 97 [95% BCI 1. 27, 2. 89] ), sharing a bed ( aOR 3. 97 [95% BCI 1. 27, 2. 89] ), sharing a bed ( a
Mycobacteria are a major cause of bacterial infections in the world. Infection with pathogenic mycobacteria is a major cause of bacterial infections. The pathogenic mycobacteria is a major cause of bacterial infections in the world. The pathogenic mycobacteria is a major cause of bacterial infections in the world. The pathogenic mycobacteria is a major cause of bacterial infections in the world. The pathogenic mycobacteria is a major cause of bacterial infections in the world. The pathogenic mycobacteria is a major cause of bacterial infections in the world. The pathogenic mycobacteria is a major cause of bacterial infections in the world. The pathogenic mycobacteria is a major cause of bacterial infections in the world. The pathogenic mycobacteria is a major cause of bacterial infections in the world. The pathogenic mycobacteria is a major cause of bacterial infections in the world. The pathogenic mycobacteria is a major cause of bacterial infections in the world. The pathogenic mycobacteria is a major cause of bacterial infections in the world. The pathogenic mycobacteria is a major cause of bacterial infections in the world. The pathogenic mycobacteria is a major cause of bacterial infections in the world. The pathogenic mycobacteria is a major cause of bacterial infections in the world. The pathogenic mycobacteria is a major cause of bacterial infections in the world. The pathogenic mycobacteria is a major cause of bacterial infections in the world. The pathogenic mycobacteri
The ability to predict cell fate in a given tissue is a key factor in the development and homeostatic development of the human body. In this study, we show that graph neural network ( GNN ) models can be used to predict cell fate in tissues, and to infer the cell interactions governing the multicellular dynamics. We show that GNN models can be applied to predict cell fate in tissues and utilize them to infer the cell interactions governing the multicellular dynamics. We show that GNN models can be applied to predict cell fate in tissues and utilize them to infer the cell interactions governing the multicellular dynamics.
Cancer is a major cancer that affects more than 80% of the world’s population. The number of cancers is increasing and the number of cancers is growing. The number of cancers is increasing and the number of cancers is growing. The number of cancers is increasing and the number of cancers is growing. The number of cancers is increasing and the number of cancers is growing. The number of cancers is increasing and the number of cancers is growing. The number of cancers is increasing and the number of cancers is growing. The number of cancers is increasing and the number of cancers is growing. The number of cancers is increasing and the number of cancers is growing. The number of cancers is increasing and the number of cancers is growing. The number of cancers is increasing and the number of cancers is growing. The number of cancers is increasing and the number of cancers is growing. The number of cancers is increasing and the number of cancers is growing. The number of cancers is increasing and the number of cancers is growing. The number of cancers is increasing and the number of cancers is growing. The number of cancers is increasing and the number of cancers is growing. The number of cancers is increasing and the number of cancers is growing. The number of cancers is increasing and the number of cancers is growing. The number of cancers is increasing and the number of cancers is growing. The number of cancers is increasing and the number of cancers is growing. The number of cancers is increasing and the number of cancers is growing. The number of cancers is increasing and the number of cancers is growing. The number of cancers is increasing and the number of cancers is growing. The number of cancer
Synaptic efficacy is subjected to activity-dependent changes on short- and long-term time scales. While short-term changes decay over minutes, long-term changes last from hours up to a lifetime and are thought to constitute the basis of learning and memory. Both plasticity mechanisms have been studied extensively but how their interaction shapes synaptic dynamics is little known. To investigate how both short- and long-term plasticity together control the induction of synaptic depression and potentiation, we used numerical simulations and mathematical analysis of a calcium-based model, where pre- and postsynaptic activity induces calcium transients driving synaptic long-term plasticity. We found that the model implementing known synaptic short-term dynamics in the calcium transients can be successfully fitted to long-term plasticity data obtained in visual- and somatosensory cortex. Interestingly, the impact of spike-timing and firing rate changes on plasticity occurs in the prevalent firing rate range, which is different in both cortical areas considered here. Our findings lend support to the idea that these mechanisms might act in a concerted fashion and that their dynamic ranges are well adjusted.
Infection with Hendra virus ( HeV ) causes severe clinical disease in humans and other susceptible hosts. Our understanding of the ability of bats to avoid clinical disease in vivo is lacking and there is no comparative data on responses in bats compared with animals that succumb to disease. In this study, we examined the sites of HeV replication and the immune response of infected Australian black flying foxes and ferrets at 12, 36 and 60 hours post exposure ( hpe ). Viral antigen was detected at 60 hpe in bats and was confined to the lungs whereas in ferrets there was evidence of widespread viral RNA and antigen by 60 hpe. The mRNA expression of IFNs revealed antagonism of type I and III IFNs and a significant increase in the chemokine, CXCL10, in bat lung and spleen following infection. Liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry ( LC-MS/MS ) on lung tissue from bats and ferrets was performed at 0 and 60 hpe to obtain a global overview of viral and host protein expression. Gene Ontology ( GO ) enrichment analysis of immune pathways revealed that six pathways, including a number involved in cell mediated immunity were more likely to be upregulated in bat lung compared to ferrets. This study contributes important comparative data on differences in the dissemination of HeV and the first to provide comparative data on the activation of immune pathways in bats and ferrets in vivo following infection.
The prevalence of heterogeneous psychiatric, metabolic, and autoimmune diseases is a major challenge for the field of medicine. We present CLiP ( Correlated Liability Predictors ), a method to detect heterogeneity in single GWAS cohorts. CLiP calculates a weighted sum of correlations between SNPs contributing to a PRS on the case/control liability scale. We demonstrate mathematically and through simulation that among i. i. d. homogeneous cases generated by a liability threshold model, significant anti-correlations are expected between otherwise independent predictors due to ascertainment on the hidden liability score. In the presence of heterogeneity from distinct etiologies, confounding by covariates, or mislabeling, these correlation patterns are altered predictably. We further extend CLiP to two additional association study designs: CLiP-X for quantitative predictors in applications such as transcriptome-wide association, and CLiP-Y for quantitative phenotypes, where there is no clear distinction between cases and controls. We apply CLiP to heterogeneity detection in schizophrenia cohorts totaling > 50, 000 cases and controls collected by the Psychiatric Genomics Consortium. We observe significant heterogeneity in mega-analysis of the combined PGC data ( p-value 8. 54  04 ), as well as in individual cohorts meta-analyzed using Fisher’s method ( p-value 0. 03 ), based on significantly associated variants. We also apply CLiP to heterogeneity detection in schizophrenia cohorts totaling > 50
The identification of influenza virus in clinical specimens is a key task in the field of medicine. In the present study, we aimed to utilize convolutional neural networks ( CNNs ) to shorten the time required for CPE identification and to improve the assay sensitivity. Based on the characteristics of influenza-induced CPE, a CNN model with larger sizes of filters and max-pooling kernels was constructed in the absence of transfer learning. A total of 601 images from mock-infected and influenza-infected MDCK cells were used to train the model. The performance of the model was tested by using extra 400 images and the percentage of correct recognition was 99. 75%. To further examine the limit of our model in evaluating the changes of CPE overtime, additional 1190 images from a new experiment were used and the recognition rates at 16 hour ( hr ), 28 hr, and 40 hr post virus infection were 71. 80%, 98. 25%, and 87. 46%, respectively. Hence, a simple CNN model was established to enhance the identification of influenza virus in clinical specimens.
Varicella zoster virus ( VZV ) is a member of the alphaherpesvirus subfamily and is responsible for causing chickenpox and shingles. We have identified a novel viral RHIM in the VZV capsid triplex protein, open reading frame ( ORF ) 20, that acts as a host cell death inhibitor. Similar to the human cellular RHIMs in RIPK1 and RIPK3 that stabilise the necrosome in TNF-induced necroptosis, the ORF20 RHIM is capable of forming fibrillar functional amyloid complexes. Notably, the ORF20 RHIM forms hybrid amyloid complexes with human ZBP1, a cytoplasmic sensor of viral nucleic acid. Although VZV can inhibit TNF-induced necroptosis, the ORF20 RHIM does not appear to be responsible for this inhibition. In contrast, the ZBP1 pathway is identified as important for VZV infection. Mutation of the ORF20 RHIM renders the virus incapable of efficient spread in ZBP1-expressing HT-29 cells, an effect which can be reversed by the inhibition of caspases. Therefore we conclude that the ORF20 RHIM is important for preventing ZBP1-driven apoptosis during VZV infection, and propose that it mediates this effect by sequestering ZBP1 into decoy amyloid assemblies.
Schistosoma haematobium is a parasitic disease that causes a severe, life-threatening, and fatal, bacterial infection in the Senegal River. The re-infection of the parasite occurs through contact with water, which is often tied to daily activities. Water contact does not imply risk unless the environmental hazard of snails and parasites is also present in the water. By increasing reliance on hazardous activities and environments, socio-economic vulnerability can hinder reductions in exposure to a hazard. We aimed to quantify the contributions of exposure, hazard, and vulnerability to the presence and intensity of Schistosoma haematobium re-infection. In 13 villages along the Senegal River, we collected parasitological data from 821 school-aged children, survey data from 411 households where those children resided, and ecological data from all 24 village water access sites. We fit mixed-effects logistic and negative binomial regressions with indices of exposure, hazard, and vulnerability as explanatory variables of Schistosoma haematobium presence and intensity, respectively, controlling for demographic variables. Using multi-model inference to calculate the relative importance of each component of risk, we found that exposure ( wi = 0. 95 ) was the most important component of S. haematobium presence, followed by vulnerability ( wi = 0. 91 ). Exposure ( wi = 1. 00 ) was the most important component of S. haematobium intensity, followed by hazard ( wi = 0. 77 
Lassa fever ( LF ) is a common disease in West Africa, and is endemic to many African countries. The World Health Organization has recently declared Lassa virus ( LASV ) as a priority pathogen for accelerated research leading to a renewed international effort to develop relevant animal models of disease and effective countermeasures to reduce LF morbidity and mortality in endemic West African countries. A limiting factor in evaluating medical countermeasures against LF is a lack of well characterized animal models outside of those based on infection with LASV strain Josiah originating form Sierra Leone, circa 1976. Here we genetically characterize five recent LASV isolates collected from the 2018 outbreak in Nigeria. Three isolates were further evaluated in vivo and despite being closely related and from the same spatial / geographic region of Nigeria, only one of the three isolates proved lethal in strain 13 guinea pigs and non-human primates ( NHP ). Additionally, this isolate exhibited atypical pathogenesis characteristics in the NHP model, most notably respiratory failure, not commonly described in hemorrhagic cases of LF. These results suggest that there is considerable phenotypic heterogeneity in LASV infections in Nigeria, which leads to a multitude of pathogenesis characteristics that could account for differences between subclinical and lethal LF infections. Most importantly, the development of disease models using currently circulating LASV strains in West Africa are critical for the evaluation of potential vaccines and medical countermeasures.
Schistosomes are blood dwelling parasites that affect more than 260 million people globally, and over 800 million people are at risk of infection in 74 countries. It causes acute and chronic debilitating diseases. The parasite is reported to alter the hematological and biochemical parameters in humans. Therefore, this study was aimed to evaluate the hematological and biochemical changes in S. mansoni infected adult patients compared to apparently healthy controls. A comparative cross-sectional study was conducted at Haik Primary Hospital from February to April 2021. One hundred and eighty study participants consisting of 90 S. mansoni infected patients and 90 apparently healthy controls were recruited using systematic random sampling method. Socio-demographic characteristics and other variables were collected using questionnaires. Stool sample was examined microscopically to detect S. mansoni infection using direct wet mount and Kato Katz technique. In apparently healthy controls, S. mansoni infection was rule out using direct wet mount and Kato Katz technique. Blood sample was collected from each study participant to determine the hematological and biochemical profiles. Data were entered in to Epi Data version 3. 1 and analyzed using SPSS version 26. 0 software. Kolmogorov-Smirnov and Shapiro Wilk normality tests were done to assess the distribution of continuous variables between S. mansoni infected patients and healthy controls. P-values 0. 05 at 95%CI were considered as statistically significant. The mean age ( SD ) of S. mansoni infected patients and apparently healthy controls was 30. 33 ( 12. 26 ) and 31. 2 ( 12
Antibodies targeting the hepatitis C virus envelope glycoprotein E2 are associated with delayed disease progression, and these antibodies can also facilitate spontaneous clearance of infection in some individuals. However, many infected people demonstrate low titer and delayed anti-E2 antibody responses. In this study, we identified soluble E2 ( sE2 ) B cells directly ex vivo at multiple acute infection timepoints in 29 HCV-infected subjects with a wide range of anti-E2 IgG titers, including 17 persistently infected subjects and 12 subjects with spontaneous clearance of infection. We performed multi-dimensional flow cytometric analysis of sE2+ and E2-nonspecific ( sE2- ) class-switched B cells ( csBC ) from 29 HCV-infected subjects with a wide range of anti-E2 IgG titers, including 17 persistently infected subjects and 12 subjects with spontaneous clearance of infection. We found that sE2+ csBC from both persistence and clearance subjects had a wide range of anti-E2 IgG titers, including 17 persistently infected subjects and 12 subjects with spontaneous clearance of infection. Our results suggest that sE2+ csBC from both persistence and clearance subjects may be able to induce high titers of protective antibodies against HCV or other pathogens.
